
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000355                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354535000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2261610126000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              190149274                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                190142191                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              571878036                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 786892                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   117874240                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     117874240                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total               192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        68864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          68864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                  3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1076                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1076                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       180518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       361036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               541554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       180518                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total          180518                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      194237522                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           194237522                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      194237522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       180518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       361036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           194779077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        15424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total             16064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks         6464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total           6464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks          101                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total               101                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       541554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      1263627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     43504873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             45310054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       18232332                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            18232332                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       18232332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       541554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      1263627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     43504873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            63542387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               138941500     91.89%     91.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12095000      8.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151201000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61959000     75.50%     75.50% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.50%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.414216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.922143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    24.640728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   471.773488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.048126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.921433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           130025                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          130025                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          570                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          570                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2197                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2197                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           41                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           41                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.085769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.078915                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078915                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.067103                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.067103                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2481                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.971960                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             338116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           136.282144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    26.616290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   485.355670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.051985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.947960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           334660                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          334660                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          163607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         163607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       166089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       166089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2481                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2481                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       794                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351584500     98.38%     98.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357370500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.43%      5.43% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.75%      6.19% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1020225000     93.81%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2113                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.281538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              49017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.197823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    87.250463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   370.031075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.170411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.722717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78632                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78632                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          453                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          453                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          682                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          682                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.048319                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.048319                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1010                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             1010                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.803971                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              99894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.780757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   192.388746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   319.415226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.375759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.623858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          273001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357107000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357271500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          273.127714                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   271.978393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.149321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.531208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.533453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.517578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               551056000     98.32%     98.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           560489000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         509964000     87.10%     87.10% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     12.90%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12776                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.436049                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             159031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.447636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.308939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   318.127109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.334588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.621342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355488                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355488                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        75990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1134                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1134                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          155870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         155870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.080518                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.080518                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.116822                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.116822                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.076238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.076238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.076238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.076238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8496                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8496                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             253769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.430679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.400011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.471184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.401172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.598577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           906533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          906533                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         22155                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11329                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1304                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2728                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2692                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           36                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8328                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4280                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3044                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2326                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              163                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             64                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             227                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2716                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2716                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3751                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4577                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7099                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  32202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       295488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       532176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       139392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       208536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1175592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                             5900                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             27930                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.200286                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.404139                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   22380     80.13%     80.13% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    5506     19.71%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      44      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               27930                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34473                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17159                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1271                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             493                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          475                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           18                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10276                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8497                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3421                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3865                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            153                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             279                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4271                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6005                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        38661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  50645                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       492288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1367584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1860200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                             3714                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             37714                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.076523                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.267626                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   34846     92.40%     92.40% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    2850      7.56%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      18      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               37714                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                1193                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           127783.086043                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  4275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                1193                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                3.583403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 103837.918795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  8824.653290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data 11659.740343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst         1261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1133.884784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.971633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   735.594939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     1.452109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   327.870150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.792220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.067327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.088957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.009621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.008651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.005612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.002501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.974908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       127373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        16982                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       102212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.971779                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              170991                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             170991                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4280                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4280                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3044                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3044                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1873                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          617                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            2490                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2481                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1267                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3748                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1880                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1071                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2951                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               9189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2481                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3753                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1267                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1688                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              9189                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          114                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          140                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           50                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total           225                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1039                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          488                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1527                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1246                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          506                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            1755                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4280                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4280                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3044                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3044                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          114                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          144                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           50                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2080                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          635                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2715                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3751                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2919                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1559                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4478                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.866667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.972222                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.099519                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.028346                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.082873                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001576                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.000800                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.355944                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.313021                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.341000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.249250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.230629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.160362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.249250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.230629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.160362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           1135                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                1135                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                  29                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           57890.233556                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                   115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                  29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                3.965517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 35479.727035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst         7901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  9533.016354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst         2056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  2891.894288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.574478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data    28.021401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.270689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.060280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.072731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.015686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.022063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.441667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        58156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          854                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4538                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        20279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        29251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.443695                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              273667                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             273667                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8497                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8497                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5876                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            5876                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5644                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         5645                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        11520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              15792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        11520                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             15792                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          125                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          149                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          151                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          995                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total           995                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          352                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          353                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             1348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1347                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            1348                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8497                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8497                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          124                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          149                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5996                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5998                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.991935                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.992063                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.144812                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.144812                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.058706                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.058853                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.104686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.078646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.104686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.078646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks             24                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                  24                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              1653                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict              60                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             206                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1653                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         3781                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         5127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total          508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                  5635                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        72192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       111232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       183464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         8192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         8232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 191696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                            5302                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples             7754                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.557261                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.496742                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                   3433     44.27%     44.27% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                   4321     55.73%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total               7754                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              1837                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          103                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           180                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            647                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             993                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1837                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         2776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side          510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total         3286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         3801                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total         3801                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                  7087                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        66880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         8360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        75240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       112512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       112512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 187752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                            1343                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples             4867                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.258681                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.437955                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                   3608     74.13%     74.13% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                   1259     25.87%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total               4867                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         1451                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.364163                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           81                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         1451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.055824                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.323747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     3.333311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.037910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     7.669195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.145234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.208332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.479325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.835260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        17034                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        17034                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           59                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total           59                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          127                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          150                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          183                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          195                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1004                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1484                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1187                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         1679                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           59                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           59                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          127                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          183                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1004                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1484                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         1679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks           71                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total           71                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements            6                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    11.530093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs            4                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs            6                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.024108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.406393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     2.671355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     2.122301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     4.305936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.126507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.025400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.166960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.132644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.269121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.720631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.562500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses         2138                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses         2138                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total          128                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total          128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements            4                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    10.799694                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs            1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs            4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.250000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.418722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     3.777133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     2.297903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     4.305936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.026170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.236071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.143619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.269121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.674981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.500000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses         2120                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses         2120                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total          128                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total          128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         1468                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    13.379912                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           76                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         1468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.051771                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.859390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     3.313968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.037967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     5.168587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.303712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.207123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.323037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.836244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses        17142                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses        17142                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           71                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total           71                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          127                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          150                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          183                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          195                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1004                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1484                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1187                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         1679                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           71                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           71                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          127                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          183                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1004                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1484                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         1679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total           79                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33925                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8137                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28433                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4589                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62358                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12726                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43649                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43743                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  301708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             165977                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               165977                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160171                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17158                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160171                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       220890                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       112936                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62622                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34129                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28493                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      230997.860360                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      70710.139640                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234366                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765634                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22555                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2862      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            95941     57.76%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35089     21.13%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28773     17.32%     98.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            166089                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23721                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37541                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23252                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23377                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4522813174                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130166                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38649                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24605                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3655405387.766947                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      867407786.233052                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191785                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808215                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2816      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86816     63.90%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25655     18.88%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6410      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135866                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4522813060                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4520459388.268813                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2353671.731187                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82681                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88100                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170781                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161857                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162009                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4523220253                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8515                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433704                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624037                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294555                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171895                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83521                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88374                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1644452450.803812                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2878767802.196188                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636442                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363558                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58289                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9711      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256300     56.81%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85781     19.01%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88441     19.60%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451131                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1607                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           71                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          172                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          138                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          293                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           201                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          200                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1607                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side         3793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total         3793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total          508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total               4301                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       112000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       112000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         8232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         8232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              120232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                         5188                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples          6319                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.652477                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.476221                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                2196     34.75%     34.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                4123     65.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total            6319                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.027005                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 27005406000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2288972057500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                4781754                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  4781751                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              747129430                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 789964                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    36.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   172838931                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     172838931                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        22656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       575744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            599552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        22656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        23552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       661184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         661184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         8996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               9368                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        10331                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             10331                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        14219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        18959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data         9480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       838943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     21319583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             22201184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        14219                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        18959                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       838943                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total          872122                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       24483394                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            24483394                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       24483394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        14219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        18959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data         9480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       838943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     21319583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            46684579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        27712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data        98752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data          576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide       268736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            397760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        27712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        27840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       370048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         370048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         1543                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide         4199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               6215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         5782                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              5782                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data         7110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst         4740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        61617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1026165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      3656749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        21329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide        9951193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             14728903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         4740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1026165                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         1030905                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       13702738                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            13702738                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       13702738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data         7110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst         4740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        61617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      1026165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      3656749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        21329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide       9951193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            28431641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      30                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      1524                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     537     36.58%     36.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    115      7.83%     44.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     27      1.84%     46.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.07%     46.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    788     53.68%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1468                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      537     44.12%     44.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     115      9.45%     53.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      27      2.22%     55.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.08%     55.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     537     44.12%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1217                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             27129504500     99.70%     99.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                8625000      0.03%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1323000      0.00%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               72703000      0.27%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         27212320000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.681472                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.829019                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1184     85.73%     85.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     56      4.06%     89.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     141     10.21%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1381                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              143                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              353                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          473.064780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              18396                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            52.113314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   473.064780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.923955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.923955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          473                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.923828                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           138946                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          138946                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        42806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          42806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        23932                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         23932                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          965                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          965                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          818                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          818                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        66738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           66738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        66738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          66738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          198                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          198                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           66                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           66                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          601                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          601                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        43209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        43209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        24130                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        24130                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1001                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1001                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          884                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          884                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        67339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        67339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        67339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        67339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.009327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.008206                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008206                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.035964                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.035964                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.074661                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.074661                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.008925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.008925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              622                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              91250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           146.704180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           439274                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          439274                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       218704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         218704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       218704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          218704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       218704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         218704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       219326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       219326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       219326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       219326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       219326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       219326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          622                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              622                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      29                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      1205                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     309     36.57%     36.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     27      3.20%     39.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.12%     39.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    508     60.12%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 845                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      309     47.91%     47.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      27      4.19%     52.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.16%     52.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     308     47.75%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  645                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             26091529500     99.89%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1323000      0.01%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               27139000      0.10%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         26120156000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.606299                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.763314                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.11%      0.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      1.56%      1.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.22%      1.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  769     85.54%     87.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     54      6.01%     93.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.11%     93.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      48      5.34%     98.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.00%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   899                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               34                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 29                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 21                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.617647                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.034483                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.506024                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          65251000     50.69%     50.69% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            63465000     49.31%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             5394                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          492.349486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              92644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5394                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            17.175380                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   492.349486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.961620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          490                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          480                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.957031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           228660                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          228660                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        61386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          61386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        43154                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         43154                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          616                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          616                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          665                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          665                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       104540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          104540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       104540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         104540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           61                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           61                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        64660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        64660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        45453                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        45453                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          728                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          728                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          726                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          726                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       110113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       110113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       110113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       110113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050580                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050580                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.153846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.153846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.084022                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.084022                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3346                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3346                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             3040                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             465576                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3040                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           153.150000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.002672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.996856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           612778                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          612778                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       301826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         301826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       301826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          301826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       301826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         301826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          3042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         3042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       304868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       304868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       304868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       304868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       304868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       304868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3040                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             3040                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      86                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     50199                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    1296     36.53%     36.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     25      0.70%     37.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     27      0.76%     37.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.03%     38.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   2199     61.98%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                3548                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     1294     49.02%     49.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      25      0.95%     49.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      27      1.02%     50.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.04%     51.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    1293     48.98%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 2640                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             26998930000     99.22%     99.22% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1787500      0.01%     99.22% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1323000      0.00%     99.23% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     99.23% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              210197500      0.77%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         27212350000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998457                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.587995                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.744081                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                        64     73.56%     73.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         6      6.90%     80.46% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         2      2.30%     82.76% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        4      4.60%     87.36% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      1.15%     88.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      1.15%     89.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      1.15%     90.80% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      1.15%     91.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        3      3.45%     95.40% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        1      1.15%     96.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      1.15%     97.70% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      1.15%     98.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      1.15%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    87                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  129      0.26%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.01%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 3199      6.53%      6.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    173      0.35%      7.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%      7.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     296      0.60%      7.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 102      0.21%      7.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.00%      7.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              45101     92.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 49013                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              424                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                270                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                269                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  270                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.634434                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.776657                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1850310500      6.61%      6.61% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         26140650500     93.39%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     129                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            50766                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          509.860101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           15083712                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            50766                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           297.122326                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     1.172456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   508.687645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.002290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.993531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         30326121                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        30326121                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     10510442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10510442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      4550545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4550545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        12184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        12184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        12605                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12605                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     15060987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        15060987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     15060987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       15060987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        24019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        24019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        26866                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        26866                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          616                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          616                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        50885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         50885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        50885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        50885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     10534461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10534461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4577411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4577411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12800                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        12800                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12784                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        12784                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     15111872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15111872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     15111872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15111872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.002280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.005869                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005869                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.048125                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.048125                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.014002                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.014002                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.003367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.003367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        36422                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            36422                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           196413                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           53014703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           196413                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           269.914430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2.236114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   509.763886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.004367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.995633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        107419479                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       107419479                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     53415120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       53415120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     53415120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        53415120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     53415120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       53415120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       196413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       196413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       196413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        196413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       196413                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       196413                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     53611533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     53611533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     53611533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     53611533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     53611533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     53611533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.003664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.003664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.003664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       196413                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           196413                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      32                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       655                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     185     31.20%     31.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     27      4.55%     35.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.51%     36.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    378     63.74%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 593                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      185     46.37%     46.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      27      6.77%     53.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.75%     53.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     184     46.12%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  399                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             26306072000     99.92%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1323000      0.01%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.00%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               19047500      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         26326794000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.486772                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.672850                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      0.48%      0.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  535     85.74%     86.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     57      9.13%     95.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      29      4.65%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   624                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel               32                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              754                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          449.136031                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               4609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              754                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.112732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   449.136031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.877219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.877219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.876953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            47728                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           47728                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        13402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          13402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         8592                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          8592                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          122                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          122                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          115                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          115                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        21994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           21994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        21994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          21994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          320                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          320                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           35                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          1051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1051                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         1051                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        14133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        14133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         8912                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         8912                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        23045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        23045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        23045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        23045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.051723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.035907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.232704                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.232704                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.233333                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.233333                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.045606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.045606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          378                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              378                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1245                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              66412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            53.342972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           138517                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          138517                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        67391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          67391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        67391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           67391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        67391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          67391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        68636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        68636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        68636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        68636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        68636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        68636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.018139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.018139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.018139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 119                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   995328                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        124                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  992                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 992                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               16571                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              16571                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         3938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        31188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        31188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   35126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          675                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         5187                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       995664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       995664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  1000851                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                15594                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                15594                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               140346                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              140346                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        15552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        15552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               42                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        15552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        15552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           15552                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                15552                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         19522                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        10138                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1195                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1999                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1920                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           79                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 687                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8176                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                517                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               517                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3524                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2934                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1860                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              298                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            127                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             425                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2199                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2199                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3664                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3825                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1603                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         4044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         8659                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        16646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  30952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        62784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        46245                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       359488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       568040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1036557                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            59263                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             79605                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.059946                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.241585                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   74913     94.11%     94.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    4612      5.79%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      80      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               79605                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests        499639                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       249323                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        15446                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            8746                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8702                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           44                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 263                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             223324                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                502                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               502                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        36800                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       186825                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            10302                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              360                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            214                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             574                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             26826                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            26826                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         197658                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         25403                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       578675                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       151232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                 736379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     24464768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      5610106                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       142144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        89724                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                30306742                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            44459                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            544328                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.072116                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.259022                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  505121     92.80%     92.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   39159      7.19%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      48      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              544328                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                 441                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           127599.774090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  1599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                 441                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                3.625850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 103589.464264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  8815.015206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data 11475.689391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst         1261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1049.052192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     6.403489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   240.242017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst    11.949051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1150.958480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.790325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.067253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.087553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.009621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.008004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.001833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.008781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.973509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       127553                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       127546                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.973152                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              150464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             150464                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3524                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3524                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2934                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2934                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1871                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1915                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          616                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3032                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3648                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          336                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2335                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2671                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               8234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          616                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          380                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3032                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4206                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              8234                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          137                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          154                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          291                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          117                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          268                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total           276                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           71                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          992                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1063                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             1355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           79                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1260                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            1355                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3524                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3524                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2934                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2934                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          137                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          154                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          291                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          117                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2191                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          622                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3042                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3664                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          407                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3327                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3734                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total           9589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total          9589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.153846                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.125292                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.125970                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.009646                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003287                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.004367                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.174447                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.298167                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.284681                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.009646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.172113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.230516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.141308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.009646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.172113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.230516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.141308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks            431                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                 431                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                 128                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           64180.836976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                   608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                 128                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                4.750000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 37903.824854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst  7899.027149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  9499.969447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst         2056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  2875.780806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   656.397723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  2483.444614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   806.392383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.289183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.060265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.072479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.015686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.021940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.005008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.018947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.006152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.489661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        69103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1643                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        64708                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.527214                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses             3911530                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses            3911530                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        36800                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36800                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       186825                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       186825                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        19879                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total           19970                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       195626                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1245                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       196871                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        19419                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          597                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        20016                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       195626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        39298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total             236857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       195626                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        39298                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1245                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          688                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total            236857                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          232                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          270                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          163                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          186                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6657                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6802                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          787                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          787                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5013                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          105                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5118                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        11670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            12707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          787                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        11670                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          250                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           12707                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        36800                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36800                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       186825                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       186825                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          235                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           39                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          274                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          164                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          187                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        26536                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          236                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        26772                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       196413                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1245                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       197658                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        24432                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          702                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        25134                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       196413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        50968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total         249564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       196413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        50968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total        249564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.987234                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.974359                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.985401                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993902                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994652                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250867                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.614407                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.254071                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.004007                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.003982                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.205182                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.149573                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.203629                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.004007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.228967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.266525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.050917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.004007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.228967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.266525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks            113                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                 113                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                950                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              6926                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              1019                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             1019                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15988                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict              59                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           289                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            680                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             5239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            5228                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        15552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        15552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         2718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         6400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        20210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        21740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        29744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        17038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        46782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 74922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        36864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        76160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3213                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       116237                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       629248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1974                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       631222                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       633856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       364160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       998016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1745475                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           17393                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            61871                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.264243                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.440933                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  45522     73.58%     73.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  16349     26.42%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              61871                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                263                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              7141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5785                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict              12                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             574                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           234                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            692                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            12665                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           12611                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         6878                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         6405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        21743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        28148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        19711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        19711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 47859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       187264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       631094                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       818358                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       801152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       801152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1619510                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           31289                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            58019                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.535773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.498723                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  26934     46.42%     46.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  31085     53.58%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              58019                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         6507                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.107662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           96                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         6507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.014753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.142587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     5.894686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.083886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.985980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.446412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.368418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.005243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.061624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.881729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.437500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.437500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       108679                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       108679                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5657                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5657                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide            9                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            9                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          139                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          152                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          241                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           22                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          916                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           33                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          973                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide         5632                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total         5632                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         1214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           25                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1154                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           33                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         1214                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5657                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5657                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          139                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          241                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           22                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          916                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          982                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         5632                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         5632                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         1223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         1223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.785714                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.990835                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.785714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.992641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.785714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.992641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         5665                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         5665                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         4596                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.163526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         4596                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.066580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.000544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.314504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data    14.454565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.393913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.019657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.903410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.024620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.947720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        90582                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        90582                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total            3                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           77                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          108                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          124                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          144                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4964                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         4972                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          354                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4401                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          100                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4855                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         9827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          354                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9365                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          108                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         9827                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           77                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          108                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          124                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          144                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4964                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4972                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          354                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4401                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          100                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4855                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         9827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         9827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total            2                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         4597                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.177016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         4597                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.064607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.021736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.313763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data    14.454508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.387008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.001359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.019610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.903407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.024188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        90573                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        90573                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           77                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          108                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          124                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          144                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4964                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         4972                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          354                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4401                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          100                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4855                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         9827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          354                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9365                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          108                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         9827                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           77                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          108                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          124                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          144                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4964                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4972                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          354                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4401                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          100                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4855                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         9827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         9827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks            5                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total            5                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         6518                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.107717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs          137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         6518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.021019                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.141698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     5.894589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.084909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.985980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.446356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.368412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.005307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.061624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.881732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.500000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.375000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       114119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       114119                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5665                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5665                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          139                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          152                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide         5632                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         5873                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           22                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          916                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           33                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          973                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         5665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         6846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           25                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1154                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         5665                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         6846                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5665                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5665                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          139                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         5632                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5873                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           22                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          916                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           33                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          973                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         5665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         6846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         5665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         6846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         5672                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         5672                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               44667                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              25617                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               70284                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              24431                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          24431                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                54424718                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             219326                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               219326                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       210576                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              17119                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        14764                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              210576                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       273423                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       163962                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                70542                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              44897                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             25645                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      54203742.454544                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      220975.545456                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.004060                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.995940                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    35153                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass          956      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           137363     62.63%     63.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             338      0.15%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           47813     21.80%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          25699     11.72%     96.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          7157      3.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            219326                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               65258                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               129                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           28572                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              46186                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          16469                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              111444                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               147                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           45041                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             137100                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         137221                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                52239893                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             304711                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               304711                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       294455                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           349                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               8495                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        31317                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              294455                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  349                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       403276                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       213635                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          184                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               111802                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              65517                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             46285                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      51944931.131836                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      294961.868164                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.005646                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.994354                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    42719                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         4838      1.59%      1.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           180269     59.13%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             329      0.11%     60.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             46      0.02%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           66721     21.89%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          46566     15.27%     98.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6096      2.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            304868                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits            10501300                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               605                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses        10258798                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits            4590531                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              163                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses        4424059                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits            15091831                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               768                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses        14682857                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits           52329557                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              344                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses       52329901                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                54424797                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts           53610744                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps             53610744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses     51310408                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses        281097                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls             751479                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts      6848282                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts            51310408                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts               281097                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads     71983433                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes     39369821                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads       267423                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes       177204                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs             15139260                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts           10548137                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts           4591123                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      402069.187812                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      54022727.812188                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.992612                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.007388                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                  8949769                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass       891314      1.66%      1.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         37339325     69.65%     71.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult           27700      0.05%     71.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     71.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd          65974      0.12%     71.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     71.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt          57311      0.11%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              6      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead        10565332     19.71%     91.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite        4591521      8.56%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         73049      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total          53611533                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               14279                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 2                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              18                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits               9100                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               23379                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 2                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              18                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits               7498                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses           7498                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                52653620                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts              68634                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                68634                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses        65921                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               2816                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts         5566                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts               65921                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads        90406                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        50447                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                23436                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              14298                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts              9138                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      52586739.891877                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      66880.108123                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.001270                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.998730                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                     9627                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass          463      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            41523     60.50%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             207      0.30%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.02%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           14605     21.28%     82.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite           9144     13.32%     96.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          2683      3.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total             68636                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             263                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           6091                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            502                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           502                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5667                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           30                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          281                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          183                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          424                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         10848                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        10845                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5828                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        19722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        19722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        21742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        21742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              41464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       800704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       800704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       631030                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       631030                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1431734                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        37579                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         59933                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.606194                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.488597                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               23602     39.38%     39.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               36331     60.62%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           59933                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106754                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106753580500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2395725638000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1864052                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1864052                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              193825041                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 791020                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   550.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1026669291                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1026669291                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst         4544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data        34880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total             50560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         4544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        11456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        43776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          43776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           61                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           46                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data          545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                790                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          684                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               684                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst         4796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data          600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        36570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        27578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst        42565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data       326734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst        23381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        11391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               473614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         4796                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        36570                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        42565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        23381                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total          107313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks         410066                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              410066                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks         410066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst         4796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data          600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        36570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        27578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst        42565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data       326734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst        23381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        11391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              883680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         6592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst         5824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data        15808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total             34304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         6592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         5824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        18176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks         5376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total           5376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data          247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           88                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks           84                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                84                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst         1199                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        61750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data          600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst        54556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data       148079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst        52757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data         2398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               321338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         1199                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        61750                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        54556                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        52757                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          170261                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks          50359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               50359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks          50359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst         1199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        61750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data          600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst        54556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data       148079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst        52757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data         2398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              371697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                   1826549                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                  607782     49.95%     49.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     37      0.00%     49.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    110      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     10      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 608755     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total             1216694                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                   607782     49.99%     49.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      37      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     110      0.01%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      10      0.00%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                  607777     49.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total              1215716                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             91154330000     85.39%     85.39% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                2775000      0.00%     85.39% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                5390000      0.01%     85.40% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1312000      0.00%     85.40% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            15589623500     14.60%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        106753430500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998393                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999196                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::256                  202400     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::257                  404800     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                607201                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               609179     33.35%     33.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    221      0.01%     33.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                  607360     33.26%     66.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys              607202     33.25%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique               2403      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total               1826367                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel           607359                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user             607285                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel             607285                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user               607285                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999878                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999939                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       81205889500     60.61%     60.61% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user         52781950000     39.39%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       1                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           368999                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          506.848983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           12181044                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           368999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            33.011049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   506.848983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.989939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.970703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        136372732                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       136372732                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     40218063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       40218063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     27412039                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      27412039                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          773                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          773                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     67630102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        67630102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     67630102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       67630102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       356351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       356351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13230                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        13230                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          234                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          234                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       369581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        369581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       369581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       369581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     40574414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40574414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     27425269                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     27425269                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1007                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1007                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          965                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          965                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     67999683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     67999683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     67999683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     67999683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.008783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.000482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.232373                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.232373                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.166839                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.166839                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.005435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.005435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15128                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            15128                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             3383                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           57117979                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         16883.824712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        427017687                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       427017687                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    213503769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      213503769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    213503769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       213503769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    213503769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      213503769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          3383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         3383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    213507152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    213507152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    213507152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    213507152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    213507152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    213507152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3383                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             3383                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                   1826030                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                  607659     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    110      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      8      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                 608392     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total             1216169                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                   607659     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     110      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       8      0.00%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                  607652     49.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total              1215429                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             92063893500     85.55%     85.55% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                5390000      0.01%     85.55% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1251000      0.00%     85.55% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            15547030500     14.45%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        107617565000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998784                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999392                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::256                  202400     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::257                  404800     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                607201                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                    2      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl               608730     33.34%     33.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    220      0.01%     33.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                  607321     33.26%     66.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys              607202     33.26%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique               2403      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total               1825878                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel           607316                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user             607262                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  7                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel             607263                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user               607262                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999913                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.142857                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999951                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       53918855500     40.36%     40.36% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user         52786391000     39.51%     79.86% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle         26903696500     20.14%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       2                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           409758                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          450.414581                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           49885108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           409758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           121.742853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   450.414581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.879716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.879716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        136343409                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       136343409                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     40162480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       40162480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     27392992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      27392992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          270                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          270                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          357                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          357                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data     67555472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        67555472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data     67555472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       67555472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       390508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       390508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        19743                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        19743                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          138                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          138                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           51                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           51                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       410251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        410251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       410251                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       410251                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     40552988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40552988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     27412735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     27412735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          408                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          408                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          408                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          408                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     67965723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     67965723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     67965723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     67965723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.009630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.000720                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000720                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.338235                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.338235                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.125000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.125000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.006036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.006036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20665                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            20665                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2595                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           65785891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         25351.017726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          282                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        426828963                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       426828963                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    213410589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      213410589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    213410589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       213410589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    213410589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      213410589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    213413184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    213413184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    213413184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    213413184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    213413184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    213413184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2595                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             2595                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                   1826435                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                  607749     49.96%     49.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    110      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      8      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                 608498     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total             1216365                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                   607749     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     110      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       8      0.00%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                  607745     49.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total              1215612                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             91185656500     85.42%     85.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                5390000      0.01%     85.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1021000      0.00%     85.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            15561176500     14.58%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        106753244000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998763                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999381                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        4      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        4      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                  202400     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                  404800     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                607209                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   15      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   17      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl               608912     33.34%     33.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    224      0.01%     33.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                  607337     33.26%     66.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys              607216     33.25%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               2447      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total               1826168                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel           607354                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user             607295                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel             607295                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user               607295                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999903                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999951                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       53964660500     50.55%     50.55% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         52788583500     49.45%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      17                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           451708                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          505.395321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           42987236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           451708                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            95.165983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   505.395321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.987100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        136444657                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       136444657                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     40127994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       40127994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     27414043                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      27414043                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          685                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          685                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          723                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          723                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     67542037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        67542037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     67542037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       67542037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       438493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       438493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        13936                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        13936                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          130                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          130                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       452429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        452429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       452429                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       452429                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     40566487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40566487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     27427979                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     27427979                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          815                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          815                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          814                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          814                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     67994466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     67994466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     67994466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     67994466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.010809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000508                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000508                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.159509                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.159509                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.111794                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.111794                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.006654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.006654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       428755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           428755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             5079                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          100556476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         19798.479228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          260                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        426996621                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       426996621                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    213490692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      213490692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    213490692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       213490692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    213490692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      213490692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          5079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5079                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         5079                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    213495771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    213495771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    213495771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    213495771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    213495771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    213495771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         5079                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             5079                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                   1826141                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                  607674     49.96%     49.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    110      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      8      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                 608437     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total             1216229                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                   607674     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     110      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       8      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                  607675     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total              1215467                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             92045012500     85.54%     85.54% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                5390000      0.01%     85.55% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 817000      0.00%     85.55% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31            15548836500     14.45%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        107600056000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998748                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999373                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::256                  202400     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::257                  404800     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                607201                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   11      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    5      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl               608794     33.34%     33.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    223      0.01%     33.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                  607320     33.26%     66.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys              607202     33.25%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique               2403      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total               1825958                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel           607325                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user             607282                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel             607282                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user               607282                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999929                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999965                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       81208902500     60.61%     60.61% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user         52782650500     39.39%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       5                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           437447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          485.220496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           61507154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           437447                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           140.604814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   485.220496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.947696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.947696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.890625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        136371092                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       136371092                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     40135867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       40135867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     27392114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      27392114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          291                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          291                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          402                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          402                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data     67527981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        67527981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data     67527981                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       67527981                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       417526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       417526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        20219                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        20219                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          161                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          161                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           47                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           47                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       437745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        437745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       437745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       437745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     40553393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40553393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     27412333                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     27412333                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          452                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          452                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          449                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          449                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     67965726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     67965726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     67965726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     67965726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.010296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.000738                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000738                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.356195                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.356195                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.104677                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.104677                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.006441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.006441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       412651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           412651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             2872                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           65860825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2872                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         22932.042131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        426831776                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       426831776                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    213411580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      213411580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    213411580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       213411580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    213411580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      213411580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         2872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         2872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          2872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         2872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         2872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    213414452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    213414452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    213414452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    213414452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    213414452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    213414452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2872                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             2872                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  231                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 231                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 647                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                647                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         1756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         4248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          198                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         4854                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4854                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1571129                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       786040                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        47490                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1076                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          934                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          142                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 231                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             753440                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                390                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               390                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        35793                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2904                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           698683                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              451                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            212                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             663                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             32522                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            32522                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           5978                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        747231                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         8575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1085617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6285                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1210933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                2311410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       332288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     24613054                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       236160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     27584688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                52766190                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                             4919                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples           1575959                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.061448                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.240526                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                 1479261     93.86%     93.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   96556      6.13%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     142      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total             1575959                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1795660                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       897944                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        49800                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1481                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1267                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          214                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             864261                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                257                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               257                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       841406                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4879                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1242                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              160                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            138                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             298                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             33995                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            33995                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           7951                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        856310                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        13725                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1335187                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         7056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1289181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                2645149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       553344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     56399256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       267776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     54432304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               111652680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                             5212                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples           1800632                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.056556                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.231510                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                 1699012     94.36%     94.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  101404      5.63%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     216      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total             1800632                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                 917                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           127457.155149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  3305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                 917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                3.604144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 102705.581103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  8814.000254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data 11267.763287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst         1261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data         1048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst    10.991028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   625.011015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   119.918254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1604.890208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.783581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.067245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.085966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.009621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.007996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.004768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.012244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.972421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       127488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       127301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses            12218142                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses           12218142                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        35793                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35793                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2904                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2904                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        12371                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        19294                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total           31665                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         3373                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         2431                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         5804                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       356056                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       390020                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       746076                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         3373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       368427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         2431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       409314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total             783545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         3373                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       368427                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         2431                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       409314                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total            783545                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          366                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           57                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          423                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          155                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           47                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          202                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          130                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          159                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total           289                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          164                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          174                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          490                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          569                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1059                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             1522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          620                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          164                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          728                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            1522                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        35793                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35793                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2904                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2904                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          366                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           57                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          423                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          155                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           47                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          202                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12501                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        19453                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        31954                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         3383                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2595                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         5978                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       356546                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       390589                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       747135                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         3383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       369047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       410042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total         785067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         3383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       369047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       410042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total        785067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.010399                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.008174                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.009044                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002956                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.063198                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.029107                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.001374                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.001457                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.001417                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.001680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.063198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.001775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.001939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.001680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.063198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.001775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks            708                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                 708                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                  52                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           70240.196861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                   285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                  52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                5.480769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 41555.579192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst         7899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  9495.000841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst         2056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data         2875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   920.996494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  4532.685439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    85.007502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   820.927394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.317044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.060265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.072441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.015686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.021935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.007027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.034582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.006263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.535890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        70302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        70121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.536362                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            13962908                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           13962908                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       841406                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       841406                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4879                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         4879                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        12680                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        19991                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total           32671                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         4917                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2745                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         7662                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       433187                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       417388                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       850575                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         4917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       445867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       437379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total             890908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         4917                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       445867                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2745                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       437379                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total            890908                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           55                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           84                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           84                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1156                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          144                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          1300                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          162                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          127                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          289                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          481                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          181                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          662                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             2251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          162                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1637                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          127                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          325                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            2251                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       841406                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       841406                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4879                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4879                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           61                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        13836                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        20135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        33971                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5079                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         2872                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         7951                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       433668                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       417569                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       851237                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       447504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         2872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       437704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total         893159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       447504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         2872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       437704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total        893159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.901639                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.966667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.923077                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.083550                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.007152                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.038268                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.031896                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.044220                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.036348                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.001109                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.000433                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000778                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.031896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.003658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.044220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.000743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.002520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.031896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.003658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.044220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.000743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks             51                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                  51                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                231                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              2144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               647                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              647                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          713                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             209                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             515                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           297                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1486                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             904                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1913                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         4147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         1670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         7059                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         2841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         3355                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 10414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       115520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        27136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2798                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       145454                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        83264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        85320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 230774                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                            2121                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples             7583                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.207306                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.405403                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                   6011     79.27%     79.27% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                   1572     20.73%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total               7583                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              1218                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               257                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              257                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           88                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            342                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1983                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1391                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1218                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         2196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         3354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total         5550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total         1678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                  7228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        61760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        85256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       147016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        27648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        27648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 174664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                            4584                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples             7538                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.466437                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.498905                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                   4022     53.36%     53.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                   3516     46.64%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total               7538                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements          205                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.009203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           88                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs          205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.429268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.975011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.013901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.016975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     6.989592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.013473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.435938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.001061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.436850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.063342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.938075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses         4912                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses         4912                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           29                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total           29                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           42                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           89                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          113                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           63                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          103                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           99                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          267                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total          395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          176                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          103                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total          395                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           29                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           29                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           42                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          113                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           63                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          103                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           99                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          267                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total          395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total          395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks           33                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total           33                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements          181                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    11.805086                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           46                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs          181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.254144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.002302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     8.634048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.949749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.003422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.215565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.539628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.184359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.013473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.737818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        12356                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        12356                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total            4                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           31                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          614                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          616                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst           71                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          416                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          154                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          680                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         1296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst           71                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1030                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          156                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         1296                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            4                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           31                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          614                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          616                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst           71                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          416                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          154                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          680                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst           71                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         1296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst           71                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         1296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks            5                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total            5                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements          182                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    11.805085                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           46                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs          182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.252747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.007572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     8.634039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.945547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.003489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.214439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.539627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.184097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.013402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.737818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        12365                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        12365                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            5                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total            5                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           31                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          614                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          616                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst           71                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          416                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          154                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          680                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         1296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst           71                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1030                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          156                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         1296                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            5                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            5                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           31                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          614                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          616                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst           71                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          416                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          154                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          680                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst           71                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         1296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst           71                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         1296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks            5                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total            5                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements          211                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.009250                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           63                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs          211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.298578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.959914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     1.007534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.017226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     7.015692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.008633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.309995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.062971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.001077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.438481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.125540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.938078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses         4956                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses         4956                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           33                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total           33                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           42                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           89                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          113                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           63                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          103                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           99                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          267                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total          395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          176                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          103                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total          395                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           33                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           33                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           42                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          113                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           63                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          103                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           99                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          267                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total          395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total          395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks           37                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total           37                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits            40573164                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                16                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses        15010397                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           28033744                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                2                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses        5734562                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits            68606908                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                18                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses        20744959                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits          128061511                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                9                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses      128061520                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               213507161                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          213507134                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            213507134                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    171057606                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses      45477100                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            6534657                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     12475243                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           171057606                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts             45477100                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads    273580618                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    121620389                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads     52679853                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes     36765344                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs             68609536                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts           40575668                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          28033868                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles         213507161                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 22093244                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass      9474387      4.44%      4.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu         93192645     43.65%     48.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            1044      0.00%     48.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd       18175707      8.51%     56.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp        2289300      1.07%     57.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt        2611503      1.22%     58.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult       7019800      3.29%     62.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv         477901      0.22%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt        102400      0.05%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead        40578000     19.01%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       28034095     13.13%     94.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess      11550370      5.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         213507152                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits            40550977                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                22                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses        15011510                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits           28020458                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                3                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses        5734563                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits            68571435                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                25                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses        20746073                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits          128062852                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                9                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses      128062861                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               215235196                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts          213413159                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps            213413159                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses    170963280                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses      45482073                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls            6526835                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts     12468610                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts           170963280                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts             45482073                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads    273465818                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes    121547273                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads     52687087                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes     36770478                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs             68574003                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts           40553418                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts          28020585                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      94734.587095                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      215140461.412905                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.999560                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.000440                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                 22078002                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass      9474182      4.44%      4.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu         93135047     43.64%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             796      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd       18177309      8.52%     56.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp        2289100      1.07%     57.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt        2611703      1.22%     58.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult       7021800      3.29%     62.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv         478101      0.22%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt        102400      0.05%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead        40554236     19.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite       28020587     13.13%     94.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess      11547923      5.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total         213413184                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits            40564712                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                83                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses        15011537                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           28036079                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses               25                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses        5735360                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits            68600791                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               108                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses        20746897                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits          128070619                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses               43                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses      128070662                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               213507163                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts          213495663                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps            213495663                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses    171041157                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses      45480832                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            6529333                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts     12477509                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts           171041157                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts             45480832                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads    273571764                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    121600658                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads     52685449                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes     36768752                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs             68603671                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts           40567385                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          28036286                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      11349.000106                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      213495813.999894                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.999947                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.000053                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                 22090884                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass      9476665      4.44%      4.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         93182847     43.65%     48.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult             957      0.00%     48.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd       18177352      8.51%     56.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp        2289200      1.07%     57.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt        2611603      1.22%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult       7020800      3.29%     62.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv         478001      0.22%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt        102400      0.05%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead        40569480     19.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       28036333     13.13%     94.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess      11550133      5.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total         213495771                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits            40551399                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                45                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses        15009862                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits           28020088                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                3                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses        5734563                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits            68571487                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                48                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses        20744425                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits          128055933                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses               20                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses      128055953                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               215200173                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts          213414404                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps            213414404                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses    170967782                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses      45475285                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls            6527175                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts     12470074                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts           170967782                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts             45475285                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads    273463153                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes    121552495                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads     52677086                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes     36763578                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs             68574122                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts           40553890                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts          28020232                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      93424.990395                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      215106748.009605                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.999566                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.000434                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                 22080492                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass      9474174      4.44%      4.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu         93139690     43.64%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             807      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd       18173312      8.52%     56.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp        2289200      1.07%     57.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt        2611603      1.22%     58.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult       7020800      3.29%     62.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv         478001      0.22%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt        102400      0.05%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead        40555669     19.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite       28020255     13.13%     94.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess      11548541      5.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total         213414452                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            947                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            257                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           257                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           38                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          154                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          140                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          219                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1326                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          744                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          947                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side         1675                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total         1675                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         3355                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         3355                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total               5030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        27392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        27392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        85320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        85320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              112712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                         6319                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples          7565                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.621547                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.485034                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                2863     37.85%     37.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                4702     62.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total            7565                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011939                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11939229000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2407664867000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               70183631                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 70183520                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              797459256                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 791020                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    14.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1050756943                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1050756943                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        25984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       105792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            131840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        25984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        26048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        40064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          40064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         1653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               2060                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          626                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               626                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst         5360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2176355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      8860874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             11042589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         5360                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2176355                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         2181715                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        3355661                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             3355661                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        3355661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst         5360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      2176355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      8860874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            14398250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         8256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst         3136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data          576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total             11968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         3136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total         3136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks        16192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total          16192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst           49                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                187                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks          253                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total               253                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       691502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       262664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data        48244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              1002410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       262664                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          262664                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks        1356201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             1356201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks        1356201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       691502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       262664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data        48244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             2358611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      15                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      2134                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     588     42.09%     42.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     92      6.59%     48.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     12      0.86%     49.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.07%     49.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    704     50.39%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1397                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      586     45.96%     45.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      92      7.22%     53.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      12      0.94%     54.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.08%     54.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     584     45.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1275                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             11870343500     99.42%     99.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6900000      0.06%     99.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 588000      0.00%     99.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     99.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               61263000      0.51%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         11939206500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996599                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.829545                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.912670                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.22%      0.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   54      3.87%      4.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1088     77.99%     82.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     28      2.01%     84.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.07%     84.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     204     14.62%     98.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      1.08%     99.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.14%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1395                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              257                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.373541                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.545198                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       11865232500     99.37%     99.37% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            75501500      0.63%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      54                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            12778                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          494.892755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           55721126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          4192.710760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   494.892755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.966587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.966587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           449488                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          449488                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       105297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         105297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        96066                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         96066                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1860                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1860                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       201363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          201363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       201363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         201363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7088                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7088                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          149                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          149                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         12931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        12931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       111140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       103154                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       103154                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2048                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2048                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1943                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1943                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       214294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       214294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       214294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       214294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.052573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.052573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.068713                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.068713                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.091797                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.091797                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.076686                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.076686                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.060342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.060342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8367                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             8367                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             4739                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          157164087                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         29930.315559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1207469                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1207469                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       596623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         596623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       596623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          596623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       596623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         596623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          4741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         4741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       601364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       601364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       601364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       601364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       601364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       601364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4739                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             4739                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      13                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       226                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      55     27.23%     27.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     12      5.94%     33.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.50%     33.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    134     66.34%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 202                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       55     45.08%     45.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      12      9.84%     54.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.82%     55.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      54     44.26%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  122                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             11749707000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 588000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                6600500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         11757060000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.402985                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.603960                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  176     82.63%     82.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     24     11.27%     93.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      13      6.10%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   213                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 13                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements               65                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          438.705776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            7319644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs         15741.169892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   438.705776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.856847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.856847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.781250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            12548                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           12548                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           3897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2094                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          2094                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           37                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           37                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total            5991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total           5991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           95                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           95                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           23                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           14                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          118                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          118                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2117                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         2117                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           56                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           56                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           51                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           51                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         6109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         6109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.023798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.010864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.178571                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.178571                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.274510                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.274510                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.019316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.019316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          147715112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              648                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         227955.419753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses            35962                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses           35962                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        17777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          17777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        17777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total           17777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        17777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total          17777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        17913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        17913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        17913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total        17913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        17913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total        17913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.007592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.007592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.007592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          136                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              136                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      17                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     30811                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     538     39.91%     39.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      4      0.30%     40.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     12      0.89%     41.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.07%     41.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    793     58.83%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                1348                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      538     49.27%     49.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       4      0.37%     49.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      12      1.10%     50.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.09%     50.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     537     49.18%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1092                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             11681191000     99.53%     99.53% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 286000      0.00%     99.54% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 588000      0.01%     99.54% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.54% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               53725500      0.46%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         11735955000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.677175                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.810089                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      2.78%      2.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      2.78%      5.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                        26     72.22%     77.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      2.78%     80.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      2.78%     83.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      2.78%     86.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      2.78%     88.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        2      5.56%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        2      5.56%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    36                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   24      0.08%      0.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.01%      0.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1253      4.14%      4.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     88      0.29%      4.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%      4.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                      78      0.26%      4.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  46      0.15%      4.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.02%      4.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              28752     95.05%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 30250                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              103                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 73                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 74                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   73                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.718447                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.835227                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         249978500      2.14%      2.14% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         11417705000     97.86%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      24                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            14488                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.709044                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           29915733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            14984                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1996.511813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   510.709044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.997479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         10746626                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        10746626                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      3416904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3416904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1914267                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1914267                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         9856                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9856                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        10107                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        10107                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      5331171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         5331171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      5331171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        5331171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          340                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          340                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        14463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         14463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        14463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        14463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3426372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3426372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1919262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1919262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10196                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        10196                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        10181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5345634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5345634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5345634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5345634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.002763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.002603                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.033346                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.033346                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.007268                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.007268                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.002706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.002706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9095                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             9095                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            35605                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.996006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          136666815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            36117                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          3784.002409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.996006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         46670908                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        46670908                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     23282039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23282039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     23282039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        23282039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     23282039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       23282039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        35610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        35610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        35610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         35610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        35610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        35610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     23317649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23317649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     23317649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     23317649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     23317649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     23317649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        35605                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            35605                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      14                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1006                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     146     36.87%     36.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     12      3.03%     39.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.76%     40.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    235     59.34%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 396                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      146     47.71%     47.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      12      3.92%     51.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.98%     52.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     145     47.39%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  306                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             11762225500     99.89%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 588000      0.00%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.00%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               11578500      0.10%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         11774743500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.617021                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.772727                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.21%      0.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     12.03%     12.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.04%     13.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  301     62.45%     75.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     25      5.19%     80.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      81     16.80%     97.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.87%     99.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.41%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   482                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              139                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.482014                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.650485                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       11744800500     99.93%     99.93% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8194500      0.07%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2107                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          455.503103                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            6081216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          2374.547442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   455.503103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.889654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.889654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.886719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            89709                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           89709                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        25778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          25778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        14683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         14683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          492                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          492                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        40461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           40461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        40461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          40461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          676                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          676                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           45                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           45                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           26                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           26                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          2235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         2235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        27337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        15359                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15359                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          522                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          522                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          518                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          518                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        42696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        42696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        42696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        42696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.057029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.044013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.044013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.086207                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.086207                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.050193                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.050193                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.052347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.052347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.052347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.052347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1384                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          147752336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1896                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         77928.447257                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           305144                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          305144                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       150496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         150496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       150496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          150496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       150496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         150496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       151880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       151880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       151880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       151880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       151880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       151880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    16384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  600                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 600                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 760                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                760                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    2720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          466                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2946                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        16416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        16416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    19362                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                  260                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                  276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                 2340                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                2340                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks             256                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                  256                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         36005                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17741                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1471                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             525                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          481                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           44                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              11565                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                400                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               400                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8388                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3921                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3984                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              213                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            163                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             376                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6898                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6898                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4877                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6136                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        13310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        40753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  54771                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       548416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1364579                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        14656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         8872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1936523                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                             6218                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             42888                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.073634                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.265076                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   39774     92.74%     92.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    3070      7.16%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      44      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               42888                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests        107761                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        53748                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         4801                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1074                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1053                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           21                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  44                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              48450                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                104                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               104                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10283                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        33813                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4775                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              242                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            100                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             342                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5429                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5429                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          36994                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         11412                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       103991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        43121                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                 157521                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      4376384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1517119                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       155264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       219320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 6268087                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                             5867                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            113571                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.092665                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.290903                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  103078     90.76%     90.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   10462      9.21%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      31      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              113571                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                 525                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           127443.250952                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               4739436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs              127672                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               37.121969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 102627.534265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         8814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data 11260.593790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst         1261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1047.001023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst    17.999976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   626.802512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1612.319386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.782986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.067245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.085912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.009621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.007988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.004782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.012301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.972315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       127147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          851                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       120681                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.970055                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              284376                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             284376                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8388                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8388                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3921                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3921                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5177                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            5186                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         4740                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          136                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4876                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5639                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           70                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         5709                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         4740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        10816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           79                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total              15771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         4740                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        10816                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          136                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           79                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total             15771                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          198                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          209                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          144                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          154                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          1710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          374                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          387                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             2098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2082                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            2098                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8388                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8388                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3921                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3921                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          199                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          210                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          144                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6885                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6896                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4741                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          136                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4877                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6013                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           83                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6096                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           94                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          17869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           94                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         17869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.994975                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.995238                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.248076                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.181818                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.247970                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.062199                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.156627                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.063484                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.161420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.159574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.117410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.161420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.159574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.117410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks            460                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                 460                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                 177                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           71550.978940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               4017245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               71789                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               55.959061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 42279.614657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst  7897.220030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  9489.998361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst         2056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  2871.548188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  1344.481614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  4668.821850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   816.294239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.322568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.060251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.072403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.015686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.021908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.010258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.035620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.006228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.545891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        71612                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        66938                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.546356                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              831505                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             831505                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        10283                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10283                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        33813                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        33813                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2626                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          625                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            3251                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        35155                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1384                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        36539                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         8550                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1429                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         9979                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        35155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        11176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              49769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        35155                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        11176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1384                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2054                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             49769                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          190                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          213                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           66                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           82                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2167                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          2174                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          455                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          455                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1116                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          118                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1234                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             3863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          455                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3283                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          125                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            3863                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        10283                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10283                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        33813                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        33813                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          190                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           66                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4793                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          632                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5425                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        35610                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1384                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        36994                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9666                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1547                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        11213                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        35610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        14459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          53632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        35610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        14459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         53632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.884615                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.986111                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.452118                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.011076                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.400737                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.012777                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.012299                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.115456                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.076277                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.110051                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.012777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.227056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.057366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.072028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.012777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.227056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.057366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.072028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks            164                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                 164                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                596                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              1600                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               504                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              504                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          716                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict              68                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1477                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1668                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2490                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2486                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1004                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         4325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         7364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         5708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total          780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 13852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        33536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        74752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2443                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       110731                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       144256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          503                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       144759                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        16384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        16640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 272130                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                            3356                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples             9358                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.214896                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.410772                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                   7347     78.51%     78.51% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                   2011     21.49%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total               9358                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 44                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              1980                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               104                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              104                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          257                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict               8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1628                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           140                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1723                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2620                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1936                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         3112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         5720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total         8832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         4336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total         4336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 13168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        88320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       145015                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       233335                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        75200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        75200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 308535                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                            3534                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            10016                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.326378                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.468911                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                   6747     67.36%     67.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                   3269     32.64%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              10016                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements          179                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    11.494206                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs          189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.756614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.001494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     6.792093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.720662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.979958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.125093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.424506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.107541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.061247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.718388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        18892                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        18892                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           90                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total           90                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          998                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1000                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           38                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          835                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          835                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          242                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          247                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         1082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1077                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         1082                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           90                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          998                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1000                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           38                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          835                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          835                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          242                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          247                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         1082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         1082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total           90                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements          507                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    13.346692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           61                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs          520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.117308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.053048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     7.575692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.677577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.038785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.003316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.473481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.354849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.002424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.834168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        23898                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        23898                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total            4                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          376                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          388                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1641                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1642                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          172                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          612                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         2254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1813                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         2254                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            4                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          376                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          388                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1641                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1642                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          172                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         2254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         2254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total            3                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements          506                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.346692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           61                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs          519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.117534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.079600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     7.596605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.630112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.038785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.004975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.474788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.351882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.002424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.834168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        23889                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        23889                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total            3                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          376                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          388                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1641                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1642                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          172                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          612                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         2254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1813                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         2254                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          376                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          388                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1641                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1642                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          172                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         2254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         2254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements          180                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    12.457302                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs          125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs          189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.661376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.954531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     6.802205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.720615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.979951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.184658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.425138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.107538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.061247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.778581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.562500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses        18868                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses        18868                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           90                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total           90                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          998                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1000                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           38                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          835                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          835                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          242                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          247                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         1082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1077                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         1082                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           90                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          998                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1000                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           38                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          835                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          835                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          242                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          247                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         1082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         1082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total           93                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              113083                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           34049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             105515                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              218598                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           49565                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             178192                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         178344                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                23878473                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             600882                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               600882                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       577916                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          3685                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              21188                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        57092                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              577916                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 3685                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       809270                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       406392                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         2400                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         2386                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               219915                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             114111                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            105804                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      23276971.620199                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      601501.379801                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.025190                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.974810                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    83268                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        10385      1.73%      1.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           350820     58.34%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             702      0.12%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           1174      0.20%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.04%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          118625     19.73%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         105896     17.61%     97.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         13535      2.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            601364                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits                4048                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits               2185                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits                6233                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits               2707                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses           2707                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                23514073                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts              17913                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps                17913                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses        17068                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls                754                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts         1308                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts               17068                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads        23007                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        13462                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                 6246                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts               4048                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts              2198                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      23496446.153800                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      17626.846200                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000750                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999250                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                     2457                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass          106      0.59%      0.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            10469     58.44%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              62      0.35%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead            4153     23.18%     82.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite           2198     12.27%     94.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess           925      5.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total             17913                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits             3407646                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               249                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses         3324589                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits            1929524                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses               26                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses        1861466                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits             5337170                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               275                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses         5186055                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits           22850348                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              257                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses       22850605                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                23471243                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts           23317362                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps             23317362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses     22748727                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses         66776                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls             543630                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts      2007772                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts            22748727                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                66776                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads     35619089                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes     18558340                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads        62101                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes        29259                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs              5366509                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts            3436861                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts           1929648                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      551005.372524                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      22920237.627476                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.976524                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.023476                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                  2802079                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass       267120      1.15%      1.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         17438626     74.79%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          169062      0.73%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd          12467      0.05%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp           4097      0.02%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt           8194      0.04%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv             15      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead         3448759     14.79%     91.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite        1929980      8.28%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         39328      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total          23317649                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               27311                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               329                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              15788                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               35                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            872                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               43099                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2698                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              25788                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          25913                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                23549441                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             151495                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               151495                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       145403                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               3405                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        17089                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              145403                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       193368                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       111235                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                44221                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              28200                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             16021                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      23399544.256804                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      149896.743196                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.006365                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.993635                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    21890                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         2921      1.92%      1.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            96156     63.31%     65.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             139      0.09%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.02%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           29336     19.32%     84.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          16031     10.56%     95.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          7270      4.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            151880                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              44                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            903                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            104                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           104                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           93                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            9                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1399                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          104                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1478                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2479                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2477                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          859                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side         4334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total         4334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         5719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         5719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              10053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        75008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        75008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       144951                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       144951                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              219959                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                         6204                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples          9685                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.474342                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.499367                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                5091     52.57%     52.57% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                4594     47.43%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total            9685                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
