
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000355                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354513500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2261608545000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              128416490                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                128412633                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              386208179                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 759592                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   117871014                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     117871014                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        66944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        17536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        10176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        78848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        41792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            222720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        66944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        10176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        78848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       155968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        11584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          11584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               3480                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          181                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               181                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    188833429                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     49464971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     28704126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     20941375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst    222411840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    117885497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            628241238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    188833429                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     28704126                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst    222411840                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       439949395                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       32675766                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            32675766                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       32675766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    188833429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     49464971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     28704126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     20941375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst    222411840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    117885497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           660917003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        33792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       115392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         2752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        58432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       483776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            695872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        33792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         2752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        38272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       444352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         444352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1803                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         7559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              10873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         6943                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              6943                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     95319360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    325493952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      7762751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    164823060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      4874285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data   1364619401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1962892809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     95319360                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      7762751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      4874285                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total       107956397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1253413481                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1253413481                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1253413481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     95319360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    325493952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      7762751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    164823060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      4874285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data   1364619401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          3216306290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               138920000     91.89%     91.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12095000      8.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151179500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61937500     75.50%     75.50% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.50%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5021                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.413271                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64927                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5021                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.931089                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    24.610834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   471.802436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.048068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.921489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           130022                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          130022                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25647                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25647                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2189                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2189                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           37                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           37                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5057                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5057                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.085791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.078639                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078639                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.060556                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.060556                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3222                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3222                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2482                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.971959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             338072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           136.209508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    26.614630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   485.357329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.051982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.947964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           334575                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          334575                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          163563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         163563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       166046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       166046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       794                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351563000     98.38%     98.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357349000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.44%      5.44% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.75%      6.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1018659000     93.80%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2113                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.285254                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              49019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.198770                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    87.282598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   370.002656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.170474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.722661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78632                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78632                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          454                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          454                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          682                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          682                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046218                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046218                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.804020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              99894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.780757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   192.369423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   319.434597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.375722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.623896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          273001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357085500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357250000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          274.193743                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   273.044352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.149391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.533290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.535535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.519531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               551034500     98.32%     98.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           560467500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         509942500     87.10%     87.10% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     12.90%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12776                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.438198                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             159031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.447636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.286664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   318.151534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.334544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.621390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355488                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355488                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        75990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          155890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155890                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         155890                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6975                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6975                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.080288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.080288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.093458                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.093458                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.076120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.076120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.076120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.076120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871187                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             253769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.430679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.381416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.489770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.401136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.598613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           906533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          906533                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         22143                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11317                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1306                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            5299                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5177                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          122                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8329                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4220                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2383                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              156                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             59                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             215                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2715                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2715                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3752                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4577                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15041                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  32176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       295616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       529040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       139392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       207768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1171816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            37495                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             59514                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.138707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.351906                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   51389     86.35%     86.35% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    7995     13.43%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     130      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               59514                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34423                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17109                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1281                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            5472                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5158                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          314                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10276                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8334                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3421                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4018                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              106                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            123                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             229                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4271                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6005                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        38551                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  50535                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       492288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1357152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1849768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            26243                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             60282                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.135712                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.357371                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   52415     86.95%     86.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    7553     12.53%     99.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     314      0.52%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               60282                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                6641                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            7651.663187                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 23642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                6641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                3.560006                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  3990.218903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   242.392837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   351.577370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    92.240558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    66.676396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst  1269.610263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1058.250919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   141.144359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   439.551583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.487087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.029589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.042917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.011260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.008139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.154982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.129181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.017230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.053656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.934041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7363                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7056                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.898804                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              175892                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             175892                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4220                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4220                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          396                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             487                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          909                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1065                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1974                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1382                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          881                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2263                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               4724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          909                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1778                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1065                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          972                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              4724                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          108                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          135                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1682                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          545                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2227                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1574                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          204                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1778                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1539                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          677                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2216                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             6221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1574                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3221                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          204                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            6221                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4220                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4220                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          108                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          137                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2078                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          636                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2714                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3752                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2921                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1558                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4479                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.931034                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.985401                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.809432                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.856918                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.820560                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.633911                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.160757                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.473881                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.526874                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.434531                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.494753                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.633911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.644329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.160757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.556974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.568387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.633911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.644329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.160757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.556974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.568387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           3853                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                3853                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                8796                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            7465.095061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 33639                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                8796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                3.824352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2933.891729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst  1487.473122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   730.922203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   396.713295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   376.187473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.501238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   546.609088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   992.796914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.358141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.181576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.089224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.048427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.045921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.066725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.121191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.911266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7854                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          887                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3990                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2670                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.958740                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              282212                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             282212                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8334                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8334                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1023                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1023                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3012                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3012                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2849                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2850                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               6885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3012                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3872                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              6885                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          103                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          105                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          119                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          121                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5848                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          5848                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1259                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1259                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3147                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3148                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         8995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            10255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1259                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         8995                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           10255                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8334                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8334                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          104                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          106                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          119                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          121                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5996                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5998                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.990385                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990566                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.851113                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.851113                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.294779                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.294779                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.524850                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.524842                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.294779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.699075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.598308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.294779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.699075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.598308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           3330                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                3330                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              5953                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3982                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4415                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           149                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2247                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2246                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5953                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         4052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        15267                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        19329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         6088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         6098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 25427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       108096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       535936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       644072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       135552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       135592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 779664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           26533                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            43848                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.587416                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.492305                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  18091     41.26%     41.26% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  25757     58.74%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              43848                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              6792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7085                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5663                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             305                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           148                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            436                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             7955                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            7954                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         6792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        21038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         7074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        28112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        15028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        15028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 43140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       729472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       136488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       865960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       531264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       531264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1397224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                            6664                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            35623                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.185049                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.388343                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  29031     81.50%     81.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                   6592     18.50%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              35623                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         6093                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.138103                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           90                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         6093                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.014771                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.885446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.005601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.001375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.432032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.795221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.192302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.826128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.680340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.027002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.049701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.051633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.821131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        92532                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        92532                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3801                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3801                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           26                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          110                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          133                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1627                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          534                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2161                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          528                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1254                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           45                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          559                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2386                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         4547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          528                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2881                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1093                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         4547                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3801                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3801                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          110                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          133                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1653                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          534                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2187                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          528                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1254                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           45                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          559                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2386                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         4573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         4573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.984271                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.988112                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.991056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.994314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.991056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.994314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         3764                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         3764                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         2006                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.864146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           96                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         2006                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.047856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.380929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.094845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.730305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     2.553749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.487561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.399003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.217753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.148808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.068428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.045644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.159609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.030473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.274938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.201110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.929009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        41932                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        41932                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          142                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          142                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           88                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           88                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1232                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          728                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1960                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         1990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1232                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          758                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         1990                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          142                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          142                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           88                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1232                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          728                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1960                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         1990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         1990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          139                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          139                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         2002                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.886329                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           97                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         2002                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.048452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.905745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.094845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.730305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     2.553749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.487561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.773584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.340539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.119109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.068428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.045644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.159609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.030473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.298349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.208784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.930396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        41904                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        41904                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          139                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          139                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           88                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           88                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1232                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          727                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1959                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         1989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1232                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          757                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         1989                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          139                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          139                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           88                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1232                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          728                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1960                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         1990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         1990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998626                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999490                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          129                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          129                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         6081                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    13.134797                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           64                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         6081                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.010525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.871381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.003464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.001159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.445567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.825402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.174773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.813051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.679461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.027848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.051588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.050816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.820925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses        91990                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses        91990                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3764                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3764                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          110                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          133                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1627                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          534                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         2161                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          528                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1253                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           45                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          559                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2385                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         4546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          528                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2880                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1093                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         4546                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3764                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3764                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          110                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          133                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1627                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          534                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          528                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1254                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           45                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          559                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2386                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         4547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         4547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999203                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999581                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         3755                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         3755                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33928                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8144                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28429                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4585                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62357                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12729                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43649                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43743                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  301665                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             165934                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               165934                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160127                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17154                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160127                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       220826                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       112900                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62621                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34132                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28489                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      230978.945317                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      70686.054683                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234320                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765680                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22552                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2862      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            95899     57.75%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35092     21.13%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28769     17.33%     98.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            166046                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23721                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37541                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23252                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23377                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4522810012                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130166                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38649                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24605                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3655350226.989064                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      867459785.010935                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191797                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808203                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2816      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86816     63.90%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25655     18.88%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6410      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135866                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4522809898                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4520456085.172485                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2353812.827515                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82681                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88100                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170781                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161857                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162009                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4523217091                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8515                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433704                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624037                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294555                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171895                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83521                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88374                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1644276714.188940                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2878940376.811060                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636481                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363519                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58289                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9711      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256300     56.81%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85781     19.01%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88441     19.60%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451131                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4346                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3903                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4740                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          154                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          115                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          252                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2192                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2191                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4346                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        15178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        15178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         7071                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         7071                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              22249                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       531904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       531904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       136296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       136296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              668200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        25100                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         39705                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.610754                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.487585                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               15455     38.92%     38.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               24250     61.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           39705                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.195428                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4195427567500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6457392595000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 564183                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   564183                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              277983902                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 777000                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15092.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  8514837038                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    8514837038                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       232000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       121664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       195520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       139968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4944704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      8489152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       653504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       124416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          14904960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       232000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       195520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4944704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       653504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      6025728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      7637120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        7637120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         3625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1901                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         3055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         2187                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        77261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       132643                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        10211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::tsunami.ide           63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             232890                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       119330                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            119330                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        55298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data        28999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        46603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        33362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1178594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      2023430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       155766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        29655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::tsunami.ide            961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              3552668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        55298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        46603                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1178594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       155766                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         1436261                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        1820344                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             1820344                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        1820344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        55298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data        28999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        46603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        33362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      1178594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      2023430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       155766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        29655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::tsunami.ide           961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             5373011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        79936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       539456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        41792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       530240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       260608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data   1061915648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       193664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide     21921792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total        1085485888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        79936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        41792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       260608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       385088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    651859840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      651859840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         8429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         8285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         4072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data     16592432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         3026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide       342528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total           16960717                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks     10185310                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total          10185310                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        19053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       128582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst         9961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       126385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst        62117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    253112616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst          656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        46161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide        5225163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            258730694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        19053                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         9961                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        62117                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst          656                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total           91788                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      155373875                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           155373875                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      155373875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        19053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       128582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst         9961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       126385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst        62117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    253112616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst          656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        46161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide       5225163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           414104570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    4390                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     91419                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   19128     24.10%     24.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    369      0.47%     24.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   4296      5.41%     29.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     89      0.11%     30.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  55472     69.90%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               79354                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    19121     44.56%     44.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     369      0.86%     45.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    4296     10.01%     55.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      89      0.21%     55.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   19032     44.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                42907                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            4191913368500     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               27675000      0.00%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              210504000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               14589500      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             3468329500      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        4195634466500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999634                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.343092                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.540704                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         4      8.89%      8.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         5     11.11%     20.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        3      6.67%     26.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        2      4.44%     31.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        2      4.44%     35.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      2.22%     37.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        9     20.00%     57.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        2      4.44%     62.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                        1      2.22%     64.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                        1      2.22%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      2.22%     68.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        1      2.22%     71.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        8     17.78%     88.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        2      4.44%     93.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        2      4.44%     97.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      2.22%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    45                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  179      0.21%      0.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      0.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                69611     83.35%     83.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   8608     10.31%     93.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     93.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4989      5.97%     99.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  74      0.09%     99.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                      45      0.05%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 83514                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5170                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                231                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                231                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  231                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.044681                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.085540                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1995660500     87.66%     87.66% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           280911500     12.34%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     179                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            37774                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          469.163343                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            2593571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            37774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            68.660216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   469.163343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.916335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.916335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          474                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.925781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7376851                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7376851                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      2287517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2287517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1261689                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1261689                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30369                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        30369                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        29137                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        29137                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      3549206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         3549206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      3549206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        3549206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        35875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        35875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        17321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        17321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1436                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1436                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2254                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2254                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        53196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         53196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        53196                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        53196                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2323392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2323392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1279010                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1279010                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        31805                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        31805                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        31391                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        31391                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3602402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3602402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3602402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3602402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.015441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.013543                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013543                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.045150                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.045150                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.071804                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.071804                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.014767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.014767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17404                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            17404                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            56132                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999749                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            7746808                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            56132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           138.010547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          445                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         21415752                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        21415752                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     10623612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       10623612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     10623612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        10623612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     10623612                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       10623612                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        56176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        56176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        56176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         56176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        56176                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        56176                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     10679788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10679788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     10679788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     10679788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     10679788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     10679788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.005260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.005260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.005260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        56132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            56132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    4385                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     78079                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   17881     26.35%     26.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   4296      6.33%     32.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     88      0.13%     32.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  45600     67.19%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               67865                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    17878     44.64%     44.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    4296     10.73%     55.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      88      0.22%     55.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   17790     44.42%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                40052                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            4192926322500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              210504000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               14423500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2272633000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        4195423883000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999832                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.390132                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.590172                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1      2.86%      2.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         4     11.43%     14.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         3      8.57%     22.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        1      2.86%     25.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1      2.86%     28.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::23                        1      2.86%     31.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::24                        1      2.86%     34.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        1      2.86%     37.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                        5     14.29%     51.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::47                        1      2.86%     54.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::60                        2      5.71%     60.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                        9     25.71%     85.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                        3      8.57%     94.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::132                       1      2.86%     97.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::136                       1      2.86%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                    35                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  110      0.15%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      0.01%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                58961     81.60%     81.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   8600     11.90%     93.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     93.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     93.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    4520      6.26%     99.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  46      0.06%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      13      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 72260                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              239                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                133                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               4392                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                141                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  133                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    8                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.589958                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.001821                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.059194                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         269722000      0.01%      0.01% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user           160152000      0.00%      0.01% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        3783506555000     99.99%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     110                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            36273                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          442.911486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            1605951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            36273                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            44.274005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   442.911486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.865061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.865061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.882812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          5287941                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         5287941                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1623246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1623246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       909761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        909761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        15496                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        15496                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        14538                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14538                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2533007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         2533007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2533007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        2533007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        43331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        43331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        10193                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10193                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          509                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          509                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1402                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1402                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        53524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         53524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        53524                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        53524                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1666577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1666577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       919954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       919954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        16005                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16005                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        15940                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15940                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2586531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2586531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2586531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2586531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.026000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.011080                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011080                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.031803                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.031803                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.087955                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.087955                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.020693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.020693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            10540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            40659                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.998766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            4169223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            40659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           102.541209                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.000014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   510.998752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.998044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         15619335                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        15619335                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      7748661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7748661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      7748661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         7748661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      7748661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        7748661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        40671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        40671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        40671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         40671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        40671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        40671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      7789332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7789332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      7789332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      7789332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      7789332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      7789332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks        40659                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total            40659                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                    1254                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                   6777009                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                  102407     40.98%     40.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    376      0.15%     41.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   4296      1.72%     42.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      4      0.00%     42.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                 142826     57.15%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total              249909                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                   102405     48.88%     48.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     376      0.18%     49.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    4296      2.05%     51.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       4      0.00%     51.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                  102401     48.88%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total               209482                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            4182707050500     99.69%     99.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               26884000      0.00%     99.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22              210504000      0.01%     99.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 553000      0.00%     99.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            12689520000      0.30%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        4195634511500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999980                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.716963                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.838233                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                      2469     82.05%     82.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                        15      0.50%     82.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                        52      1.73%     84.28% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.03%     84.31% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                      308     10.24%     94.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                      105      3.49%     98.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        3      0.10%     98.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.03%     98.17% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.03%     98.21% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::60                        1      0.03%     98.24% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       40      1.33%     99.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        6      0.20%     99.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        3      0.10%     99.87% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::136                       1      0.03%     99.90% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      0.03%     99.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      0.03%     99.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      0.03%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                  3009                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  264      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  559      0.01%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                      12      0.00%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl               206371      4.24%      4.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                  10557      0.22%      4.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%      4.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%      4.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                   38862      0.80%      5.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                3040      0.06%      5.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       6      0.00%      5.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique            4607796     94.67%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total               4867470                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            39420                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user              38535                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel              38534                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                38535                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.977524                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.988634                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       78859153000      1.88%      1.88% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        4117553905000     98.12%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     559                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements         93764871                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.636942                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs         3117760855                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         93764871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            33.250841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.005384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   511.631558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.999280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          506                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       6517070141                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses      6517070141                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data   1970738625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1970738625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data   1111849263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    1111849263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     17591497                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total     17591497                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     17688277                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total     17688277                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data   3082587888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total      3082587888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data   3082587888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total     3082587888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     51122792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     51122792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     42554993                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     42554993                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       100424                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       100424                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1774                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1774                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     93677785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      93677785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     93677785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     93677785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   2021861417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   2021861417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   1154404256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total   1154404256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     17691921                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total     17691921                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     17690051                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total     17690051                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   3176265673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total   3176265673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   3176265673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total   3176265673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.025285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.036863                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036863                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.005676                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.005676                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000100                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.029493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.029493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     82078542                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total         82078542                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          2849598                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         8242196484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          2849598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          2892.406748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.010887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.989107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses      16747887798                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses     16747887798                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   8369669499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     8369669499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   8369669499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      8369669499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   8369669499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     8369669499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      2849600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2849600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      2849600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       2849600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      2849600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      2849600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   8372519099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   8372519099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   8372519099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   8372519099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   8372519099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   8372519099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2849598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          2849598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                    4392                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                     76507                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   17652     26.11%     26.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   4296      6.35%     32.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    181      0.27%     32.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  45483     67.27%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               67612                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    17650     44.38%     44.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    4296     10.80%     55.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     181      0.46%     55.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   17645     44.37%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                39772                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            4193131119000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22              210504000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               21555500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2267473500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        4195630652000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999887                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.387947                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.588239                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     50.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     2                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    2      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  123      0.17%      0.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       7      0.01%      0.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                58804     81.70%     81.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   8596     11.94%     93.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    4419      6.14%     99.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  11      0.02%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                 15      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 71978                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             4542                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 28                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 28                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   28                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.006165                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.012254                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       10021200000     99.98%     99.98% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             2258000      0.02%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     123                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            21170                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          483.528814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            1318989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            21170                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            62.304629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   483.528814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.944392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.944392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          474                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          446                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.925781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4821369                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4821369                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1498461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1498461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       826889                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        826889                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        13681                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        13681                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        12593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2325350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         2325350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2325350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        2325350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        33189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        33189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5991                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5991                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          397                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          397                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1412                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1412                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        39180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         39180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        39180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        39180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1531650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1531650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       832880                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       832880                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        14078                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        14078                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        14005                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14005                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2364530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2364530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2364530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2364530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.021669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.007193                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007193                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.028200                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.028200                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.100821                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.100821                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2797                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             2797                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            34365                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs            3362778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            34365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            97.854736                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         14278745                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        14278745                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      7087825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7087825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      7087825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total         7087825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      7087825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total        7087825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        34365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        34365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        34365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         34365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        34365                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        34365                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      7122190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7122190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      7122190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total      7122190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      7122190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total      7122190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.004825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.004825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.004825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks        34365                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total            34365                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                2900                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                 24010752                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                       2962                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              400921                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             400921                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        38458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         2950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         3740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio        18048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        63736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       752218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       752218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  815954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       153832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         4058                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1870                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio        10152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       172072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     24021864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total     24021864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 24193936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               376109                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               376109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              3384981                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             3384981                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       375168                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       375168                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          941                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              941                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       375168                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       375168                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          375184                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               375184                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests        380006                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       191638                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        72237                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          116396                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        58685                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        57711                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                2224                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             180222                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              10275                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             10275                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        27944                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        55700                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            25832                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            12021                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           3656                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           15677                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             15493                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            15493                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          96847                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         81151                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       142901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       160059                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       106493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       143357                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                 552810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      5550400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      4079779                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      4212608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      3972960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                17815747                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         35178184                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          35554017                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.009105                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.110765                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                35288030     99.25%     99.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                  208264      0.59%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                   57723      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            35554017                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests     193374941                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     96684118                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       559989                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          404433                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       290591                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       113842                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                3891                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           54144658                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              15478                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             15478                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     82081339                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2645522                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         11390214                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             6792                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           3186                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            9978                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          42554192                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         42554192                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        2883965                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      51256802                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      8326650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    281044750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        86802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       107485                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total              289565687                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    350531200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side  11254674969                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      3355968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      2527308                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total             11611089445                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         18233102                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples         211619494                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.007761                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.093685                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0               210090949     99.28%     99.28% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                 1414699      0.67%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                  113845      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total           211619494                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               31323                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            7545.639932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 75039                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               31323                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                2.395652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1473.540662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    58.814350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    41.806158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    13.838790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     2.001959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   628.911866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   527.534429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst  1332.031907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  3467.159811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.179876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.007179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.005103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.001689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.076771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.064396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.162602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.423237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.921099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7709                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7701                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.941040                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses             2516938                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses            2516938                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        27944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        27944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        55700                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        55700                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total             15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3529                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1520                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            5049                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        51298                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        36963                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        88261                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25847                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        24078                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        49925                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        51298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        29376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        36963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        25598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total             143235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        51298                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        29376                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        36963                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        25598                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total            143235                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8944                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2993                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        11937                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2198                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1236                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         3434                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3941                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5534                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          9475                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4874                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3708                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         8582                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7896                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13359                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        21255                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        11837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        18893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            39312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4874                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        11837                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3708                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        18893                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           39312                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        27944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        27944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        55700                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        55700                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8955                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2997                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        11952                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2208                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1238                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         3446                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7470                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         7054                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        14524                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        56172                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        40671                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        96843                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33743                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37437                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        71180                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        56172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        41213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        40671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        44491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total         182547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        56172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        41213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        40671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        44491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total        182547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998772                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998665                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998745                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995471                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998384                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996518                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.527577                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.784519                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.652368                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.086769                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.091171                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.088618                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.234004                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.356839                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.298609                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.086769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.287215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.091171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.424648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.215353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.086769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.287215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.091171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.424648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.215353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks          12421                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total               12421                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements            16866947                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            8038.126064                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs             133405183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs            16866947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                7.909267                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  3213.462261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.534509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.979313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.598169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.386042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   204.084270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  4592.620560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    16.711175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     8.749765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.392268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.024913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.560623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.002040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.001068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.981217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          735                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2932                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.991699                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses          1601939589                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses         1601939589                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     82081339                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total     82081339                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2645522                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total      2645522                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     35469278                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total        35469425                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      2768153                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        23695                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      2791848                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     41558930                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        19853                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     41578783                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      2768153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     77028208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        23695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        20000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total           79840056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      2768153                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     77028208                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        23695                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        20000                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total          79840056                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2255                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3247                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         5502                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1421                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1192                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         2613                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      7082231                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2271                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total       7084502                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        81447                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        10670                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        92117                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      9658853                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        11334                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      9670187                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        81447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     16741084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        10670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        13605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total         16846806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        81447                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     16741084                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        10670                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        13605                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total        16846806                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     82081339                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     82081339                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2645522                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2645522                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2269                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3247                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         5516                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1476                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1192                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2668                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     42551509                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2418                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total     42553927                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      2849600                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        34365                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      2883965                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     51217783                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        31187                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     51248970                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      2849600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     93769292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        34365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        33605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       96686862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      2849600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     93769292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        34365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        33605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      96686862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993830                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997462                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.962737                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.979385                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.166439                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.939206                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.166483                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.028582                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.310490                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.031941                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.188584                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.363421                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.188690                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.028582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.178535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.310490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.404850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.174241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.028582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.178535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.310490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.404850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.174241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        9921558                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             9921558                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               6115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            210692                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             25753                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            25753                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       474269                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           67500                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           17780                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          6388                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          22285                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            74688                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           73696                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       204577                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       375168                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       375168                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        72963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        65909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        24998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       163870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       628899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        38738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       667637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        95983                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      1032342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1128325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               1959832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1226176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      2083264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        79107                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      3388547                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     20781248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        92965                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     20874213                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      2048000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     22024000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     24072000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               48334760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        33941536                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         35228593                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.963377                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.187835                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                1290184      3.66%      3.66% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               33938409     96.34%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           35228593                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq               3891                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           9779739                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq             15478                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp            15478                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     10276441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         6861430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            7808                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          3625                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           9480                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          7435733                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         7435384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      9775848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     49803622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       719891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     50523513                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1096822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      1096822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              51620335                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port   1691724032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     21515813                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total   1713239845                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     46064192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     46064192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total             1759304037                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          634145                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         35010683                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.017883                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.132526                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               34384588     98.21%     98.21% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 626095      1.79%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           35010683                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements       368003                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.849944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs       368003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.001242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.527348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.942731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.378945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.845459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.058921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.023684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.928122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses      6233519                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses      6233519                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       354939                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       354939                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           44                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           45                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           48                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           45                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           40                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           45                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           92                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          318                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          221                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          539                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          252                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          130                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          382                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3636                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4462                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         8098                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1249                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5729                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          653                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5084                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          831                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        13546                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide       343232                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total       343232                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total        21644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1249                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9365                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          653                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9546                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          831                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total        21644                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       354939                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       354939                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          318                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          221                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          539                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          252                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          130                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          382                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3640                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4502                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         8142                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1249                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5732                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          653                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5084                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          876                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        13594                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       343232                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       343232                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total        21736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total        21736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998901                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.991115                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.994596                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999477                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.948630                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996469                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.948630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.995767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.948630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.995767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       354887                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       354887                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements       255880                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    13.211679                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs         5505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs       255880                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.021514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.263889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.787361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.050277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     3.050834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.059318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.203993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.174210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.190642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.190677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.066207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.825730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses      3763284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses      3763284                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        91131                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        91131                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          612                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          612                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           57                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2419                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          280                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2786                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total         3398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           57                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3031                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          280                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           30                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total         3398                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1843                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2775                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         4618                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1283                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          990                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         2273                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        63671                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          879                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        64550                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        77286                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        78378                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        10347                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9642                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       175653                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        77286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       142049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        10347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        10521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total       240203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        77286                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       142049                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        10347                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        10521                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total       240203                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        91131                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        91131                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1844                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2775                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         4619                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1283                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          990                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2273                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        64283                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          879                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        65162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        77343                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        80797                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        10627                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         9672                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       178439                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        77343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       145080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        10627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        10551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total       243601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        77343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       145080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        10627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        10551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total       243601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999458                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.990480                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.990608                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999263                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.970061                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.973652                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996898                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.984387                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.979108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.973652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.986051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.979108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.973652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.986051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks        88546                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total        88546                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       251955                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    12.982030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs         3650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       251955                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.014487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.026716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     3.204486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.520242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     3.115298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.115288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.126670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.200280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.220015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.194706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.069705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.811377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      3708147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      3708147                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        88546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        88546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          306                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          306                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           25                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1671                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          136                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           22                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1854                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total         2160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           25                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1977                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          136                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           22                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total         2160                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1843                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2775                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         4618                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1283                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          990                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         2273                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        63365                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          879                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        64244                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        77261                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        76707                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        10211                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9620                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       173799                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        77261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       140072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        10211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        10499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       238043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        77261                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       140072                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        10211                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        10499                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       238043                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        88546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        88546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1843                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2775                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         4618                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1283                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          990                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2273                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        63671                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          879                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        64550                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        77286                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        78378                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        10347                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         9642                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       175653                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        77286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       142049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        10347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        10521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       240203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        77286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       142049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        10347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        10521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       240203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995194                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.995259                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999677                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.978680                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.986856                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997718                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.989445                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.986082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.986856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.991008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.986082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.986856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.991008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        86664                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        86664                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements       367989                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.871217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs          309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs       367989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.000840                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.815718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     2.672569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.382023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.738482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.167036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.023876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.929451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses      6575029                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses      6575029                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       354887                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       354887                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          318                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          221                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          539                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          252                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          130                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          382                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3634                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4460                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide       343232                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       351326                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1249                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5728                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          653                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5083                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          831                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        13544                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       344063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total       364870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1249                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9362                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          653                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9543                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       344063                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total       364870                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       354887                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       354887                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          318                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          221                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          539                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          252                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          130                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          382                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3636                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4462                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       343232                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       351330                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1249                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5729                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          653                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5084                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          831                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        13546                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       344063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total       364876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       344063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total       364876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999450                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999552                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999989                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999803                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999852                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks       354883                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total       354883                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits             2355017                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses              1938                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses          111458                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits            1316372                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses              164                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          51540                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits             3671389                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses              2102                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses          162998                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits            1622177                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses             1039                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses        1623216                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              8391273401                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts           10677676                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps             10677676                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses     10249462                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses         11271                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls             479671                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       803903                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts            10249462                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                11271                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads     13969989                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes      7997279                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         6924                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         6830                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs              3680831                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts            2359360                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts           1321471                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      8380596432.800735                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      10676968.199266                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.001272                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.998728                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                  1470213                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        69481      0.65%      0.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu          6422333     60.14%     60.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult           37216      0.35%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           2726      0.03%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            517      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead         2426720     22.72%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite        1330198     12.46%     96.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess        390597      3.66%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total          10679788                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits             1681617                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               921                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           70885                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits             940139                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               90                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  15                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          32793                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits             2621756                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses              1011                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   15                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses          103678                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits            1241479                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              409                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses        1241888                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              8390851703                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts            7788306                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps              7788306                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses      7468429                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses         10592                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls             303385                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts       598584                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts             7468429                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                10592                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads     10267795                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes      5860771                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads         6733                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes         6666                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs              2628465                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts            1683503                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts            944962                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      8383066349.184343                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      7785353.815657                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000928                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999072                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                  1049131                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass        55205      0.71%      0.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu          4715643     60.54%     61.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult           28090      0.36%     61.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd           3038      0.04%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv            581      0.01%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead         1715875     22.03%     83.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite         945326     12.14%     95.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess        325574      4.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total           7789332                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits          2034606207                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses           1590411                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses      2020183446                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits         1172138030                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses           311861                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  20                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses     1132121550                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits          3206744237                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses           1902272                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   32                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses      3152304996                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits         8238793946                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses             2559                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses     8238796505                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              8391270288                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts         8370616795                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps           8370616795                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses   7901898097                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses     337730742                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls          136149951                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts   1099006718                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts          7901898097                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts            337730742                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads  11143728838                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes   5489207054                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads    418316296                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes    216514163                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs           3213603801                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts         2041147648                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts        1172456153                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      18335539.333666                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      8372934748.666334                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.997815                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.002185                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches               1291932822                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass    195372287      2.33%      2.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu       4597547507     54.91%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult        58811331      0.70%     57.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     57.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd      190510297      2.28%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp       47040492      0.56%     60.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt            181      0.00%     60.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult      24039997      0.29%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv        1515316      0.02%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt       1183215      0.01%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead      2058981913     24.59%     85.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite     1172494640     14.00%     99.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess      25021923      0.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total        8372519099                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits             1545042                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                69                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    4                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses             504                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits             850999                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               20                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            392                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits             2396041                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                89                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   11                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses             896                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             921314                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses               40                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         921354                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              8391265696                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts            7122090                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps              7122090                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses      6825776                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          1620                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls             289060                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts       520290                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts             6825776                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 1620                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads      9370647                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes      5394188                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          813                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          812                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs              2401591                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts            1545805                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts            855786                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      8384147509.727193                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      7118186.272807                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.000848                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.999152                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                   952258                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass        43391      0.61%      0.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu          4308157     60.49%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult           27170      0.38%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             71      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              9      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead         1574833     22.11%     83.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite         855934     12.02%     95.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess        312622      4.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total           7122190                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            3891                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         193090                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          15478                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         15478                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       443433                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        98293                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         6337                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         3238                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         7812                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        415987                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       415880                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       189199                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      1097949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      1097949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       710167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       710167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total            1808116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     46064832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     46064832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     21132901                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     21132901                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total            67197733                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                     33952059                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples      35116477                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.966516                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.179898                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1             1175856      3.35%      3.35% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2            33940621     96.65%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total        35116477                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.375346                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3375346063000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9832738658000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 671508                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   671508                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               68173081                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 781096                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 49511.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 33247293085                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   33247293085                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5719744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    985240064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1637504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data    994946496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      7308928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data   1094644224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2498816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data    982170432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total        4074166208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5719744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1637504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      7308928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2498816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total     17164992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks    426824064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      426824064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        89371                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data     15394376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst        25586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data     15546039                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst       114202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data     17103816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        39044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data     15346413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total           63658847                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks      6669126                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           6669126                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1694565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    291893052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       485137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    294768737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2165386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    324305776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       740314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    290983625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1207036592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1694565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       485137                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2165386                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       740314                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         5085402                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      126453423                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           126453423                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      126453423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      1694565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    291893052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       485137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    294768737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      2165386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    324305776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       740314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    290983625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1333490015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3028864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data   1251840512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1690048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data   1190821248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3177472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data   1293214208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1729856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data   1225008896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total        4970527488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3028864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1690048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3177472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1729856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total      9626240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks   1580464768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total     1580464768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        47326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data     19560008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst        26407                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data     18606582                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        49648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data     20206472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        27029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data     19140764                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total           77664492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks     24694762                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total          24694762                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       897349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    370877679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       500704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    352799750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       941377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    383135295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       512497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    362928385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide           4854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1472597889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       897349                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       500704                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       941377                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       512497                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         2851927                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      468237845                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           468237845                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      468237845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       897349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    370877679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       500704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    352799750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       941377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    383135295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       512497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    362928385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide          4854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1940835735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     707                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                  19473256                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   17156     24.61%     24.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     80      0.11%     24.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   3456      4.96%     29.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    463      0.66%     30.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  48566     69.66%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               69721                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    17156     45.32%     45.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      80      0.21%     45.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    3456      9.13%     54.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     463      1.22%     55.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   16701     44.12%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                37856                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            3371496549500     99.89%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6000000      0.00%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              169344000      0.01%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               55156500      0.00%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             3619041500      0.11%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        3375346091500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.343883                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.542964                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  415      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  863      1.11%      1.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                60884     77.96%     79.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6917      8.86%     88.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4838      6.20%     94.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 838      1.07%     95.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique               3338      4.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 78093                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5701                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               4050                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               4050                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 4050                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.710402                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.830684                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      4440991143500     58.68%     58.68% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        3127697220000     41.32%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     863                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements         54733585                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.229543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs         2294784953                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         54733585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            41.926451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   510.229543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.996542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          445                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.970703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4751836231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4751836231                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data   1569492939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1569492939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    724192057                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     724192057                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        19008                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19008                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        28487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        28487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data   2293684996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total      2293684996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data   2293684996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total     2293684996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     51004143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     51004143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3773242                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3773242                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        14834                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        14834                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5268                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5268                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     54777385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      54777385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     54777385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     54777385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   1620497082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1620497082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    727965299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    727965299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33842                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        33842                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33755                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        33755                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   2348462381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2348462381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   2348462381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2348462381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.031474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.005183                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005183                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.438331                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.438331                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.156066                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.156066                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.023325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.023325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     15687011                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total         15687011                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements         11779066                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         6175536622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs         11779066                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           524.280671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses      12540369146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses     12540369146                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   6252515974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     6252515974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   6252515974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      6252515974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   6252515974                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     6252515974                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst     11779066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     11779066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst     11779066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total      11779066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst     11779066                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total     11779066                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   6264295040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   6264295040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   6264295040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   6264295040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   6264295040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   6264295040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks     11779066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total         11779066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     853                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                  13750874                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   16896     27.23%     27.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   3456      5.57%     32.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    458      0.74%     33.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  41233     66.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               62043                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    16896     45.36%     45.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    3456      9.28%     54.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     458      1.23%     55.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   16442     44.14%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                37252                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            3372387686500     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              169344000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               53894500      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2707949500      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        3375318874500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.398758                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.600422                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  436      0.62%      0.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  863      1.22%      1.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                53379     75.69%     77.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   6925      9.82%     87.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    4752      6.74%     94.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 832      1.18%     95.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique               3338      4.73%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 70525                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             4334                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user               3896                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               1281                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel               4312                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                 3896                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  416                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.994924                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.324746                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.906740                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        3072042500      0.08%      0.08% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        2983128943000     78.78%     78.86% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        800597175500     21.14%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     863                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements         48222804                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          508.918435                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs         2230371631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         48222804                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            46.251388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   508.918435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.993981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.962891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4603597881                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4603597881                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data   1524121716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1524121716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    705246394                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     705246394                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        15546                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        15546                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        17670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data   2229368110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total      2229368110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data   2229368110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total     2229368110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     44504577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     44504577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3753785                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3753785                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7392                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7392                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5250                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5250                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     48258362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      48258362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     48258362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     48258362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   1568626293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1568626293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    709000179                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    709000179                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        22938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        22920                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        22920                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   2277626472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2277626472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   2277626472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2277626472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.028372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.005294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.322260                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.322260                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.229058                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.229058                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.021188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.021188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     13202044                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         13202044                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements         11650944                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.976671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         5694648852                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs         11650944                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           488.771455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.976671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          259                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      11958289071                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     11958289071                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   5961668118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     5961668118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   5961668118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      5961668118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   5961668118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     5961668118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst     11650945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     11650945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst     11650945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total      11650945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst     11650945                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total     11650945                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   5973319063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   5973319063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   5973319063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   5973319063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   5973319063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   5973319063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks     11650944                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total         11650944                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     652                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                  16286417                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                  114224     44.45%     44.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      4      0.00%     44.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   3456      1.34%     45.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                    426      0.17%     45.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                 138847     54.04%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total              256957                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                   114224     49.25%     49.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       4      0.00%     49.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    3456      1.49%     50.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                     426      0.18%     50.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                  113814     49.07%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total               231924                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            3368048930500     99.78%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 286000      0.00%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22              169344000      0.01%     99.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30               48237500      0.00%     99.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             7079170000      0.21%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        3375345968000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.819708                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.902579                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         2      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                        82      0.11%      0.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         2      0.00%      0.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      0.00%      0.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        4      0.01%      0.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        5      0.01%      0.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                   23920     33.29%     33.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                   47840     66.58%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                 71856                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  530      0.15%      0.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  892      0.26%      0.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl               164068     47.87%     48.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   6970      2.03%     50.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                   89006     25.97%     76.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys               73211     21.36%     97.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               8056      2.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                342733                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            89898                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user              88337                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel              88337                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                88337                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.982636                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.991242                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      244981186500      7.26%      7.26% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        3130364781500     92.74%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     892                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements         51271196                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.349884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs         2363641246                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         51271196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            46.100763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   510.349884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.996777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          503                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.982422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4881019314                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4881019314                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data   1591410937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1591410937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    771873239                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     771873239                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       118505                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       118505                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       131639                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       131639                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data   2363284176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total      2363284176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data   2363284176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total     2363284176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     44386782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     44386782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      6912739                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      6912739                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        18944                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        18944                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5765                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5765                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     51299521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      51299521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     51299521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     51299521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   1635797719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1635797719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    778785978                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    778785978                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       137449                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       137449                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       137404                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       137404                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   2414583697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2414583697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   2414583697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2414583697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.027135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.008876                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008876                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.137826                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.137826                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.041957                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.041957                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.021246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.021246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     16658331                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total         16658331                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements         11232917                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         6429869692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs         11232917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           572.413176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses      12640103259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses     12640103259                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   6303202254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     6303202254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   6303202254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      6303202254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   6303202254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     6303202254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst     11232917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     11232917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst     11232917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total      11232917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst     11232917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total     11232917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   6314435171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   6314435171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   6314435171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   6314435171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   6314435171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   6314435171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks     11232917                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total         11232917                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     697                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                  21172116                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   17392     27.48%     27.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   3456      5.46%     32.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    504      0.80%     33.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  41932     66.26%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               63284                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    17392     45.36%     45.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    3456      9.01%     54.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     504      1.31%     55.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   16993     44.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                38345                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            3372356120000     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22              169344000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               56901500      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2736465500      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        3375318831000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.405251                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.605919                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  422      0.58%      0.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  890      1.23%      1.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                54207     75.11%     76.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   6915      9.58%     86.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    5160      7.15%     93.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                1239      1.72%     95.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique               3338      4.63%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 72171                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             6050                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user               4460                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel               4460                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                 4460                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.737190                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.848716                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      4439417220000     58.71%     58.71% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        3121570285500     41.29%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     890                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements         52427882                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.490971                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs         2281418836                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         52427882                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            43.515373                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   510.490971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.997053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4718193313                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4718193313                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data   1561141151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1561141151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    719195904                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     719195904                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        16582                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16582                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        18284                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18284                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data   2280337055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total      2280337055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data   2280337055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total     2280337055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data     48439484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     48439484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4035255                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4035255                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         7999                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7999                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6284                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         6284                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data     52474739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total      52474739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data     52474739                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total     52474739                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data   1609580635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1609580635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    723231159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    723231159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        24581                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        24581                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        24568                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        24568                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data   2332811794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2332811794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data   2332811794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2332811794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.030094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.005579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.325414                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.325414                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.255780                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.255780                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.022494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.022494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     14964478                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total         14964478                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements         11730285                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         6127586343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs         11730285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           522.373186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses      12512746491                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses     12512746491                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   6238777818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     6238777818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   6238777818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      6238777818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   6238777818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     6238777818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst     11730285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     11730285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst     11730285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total      11730285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst     11730285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total     11730285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   6250508103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   6250508103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   6250508103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   6250508103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   6250508103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   6250508103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks     11730285                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total         11730285                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    16384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  524                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 524                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               18079                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              18079                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        35044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        36686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   37206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       140176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          878                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          399                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       141625                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        16416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        16416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   158041                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                  260                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                  260                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                 2340                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                2340                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks             240                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                  240                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests     252884901                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    126443247                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests     19969283                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        71145793                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     70901647                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       244146                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 476                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp          118961433                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               9001                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              9001                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     28889055                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean      8981271                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         68566582                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            28477                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          10518                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           38995                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           7498550                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          7498550                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       23430011                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      95530946                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     28292925                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    161753468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     27548368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    141858105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total              359452866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   1056886976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   4509686891                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   1017435072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   3933171744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total             10517180683                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                        309244480                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples         562087904                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.198094                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.399652                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0               450985693     80.23%     80.23% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1               110858063     19.72%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                  244148      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total           562087904                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests     253438734                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    126715705                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests     19093632                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        57753999                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     57285949                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       468050                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  44                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp          115816455                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               8822                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              8822                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     31622809                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean      8850875                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         67120040                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            27562                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          12049                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           39611                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          10920432                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         10920432                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       22963202                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      92853209                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     26573711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    151550955                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     28203568                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    154836130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total              361164364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    981810816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   4349510422                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   1054290112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   4315932632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total             10701543982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                        277243143                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples         530641525                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.181710                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.387886                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0               434686455     81.92%     81.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                95487006     17.99%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                  468064      0.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total           530641525                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements            69398904                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            8119.521494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs             155741182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs            69398904                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                2.244145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1645.243561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1.129035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.786533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.262083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.040340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   159.106095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  3305.508498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   130.585252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  2876.860097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.200835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.019422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.403504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.015941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.351179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.991153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5067                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.991943                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses          1940076019                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses         1940076019                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     28889055                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total     28889055                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      8981271                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total      8981271                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          599                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total            621                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          403                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total          408                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1712703                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1825058                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total         3537761                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     11642369                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst     11598952                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total     23241321                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     18062108                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     12240197                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     30302305                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     11642369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     19774811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst     11598952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data     14065255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total           57081387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     11642369                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     19774811                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst     11598952                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data     14065255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total          57081387                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12896                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6608                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        19504                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4349                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1962                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         6311                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2039525                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1909330                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total       3948855                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       136697                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        51993                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       188690                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     32950883                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     32260089                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     65210972                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       136697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     34990408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        51993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     34169419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total         69348517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       136697                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     34990408                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        51993                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     34169419                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total        69348517                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     28889055                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     28889055                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      8981271                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total      8981271                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12918                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         7207                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        20125                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4752                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1967                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         6719                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3752228                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3734388                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      7486616                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     11779066                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst     11650945                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     23430011                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     51012991                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     44500286                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     95513277                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     11779066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     54765219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst     11650945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     48234674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total      126429904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     11779066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     54765219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst     11650945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     48234674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total     126429904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998297                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.916886                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.969143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.915194                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997458                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.939277                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.543550                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.511283                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.527455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.011605                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004463                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.008053                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.645931                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.724941                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.682742                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.011605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.638917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.708400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.548514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.011605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.638917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.708400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.548514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks       14193778                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total            14193778                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements            72129481                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            8129.037374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs             151222070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs            72129481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.096536                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1629.702339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   120.066625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  3126.418254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    91.524304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  3161.325852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.198938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.014657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.381643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.011172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.385904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.992314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3702                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.993042                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses          1957669893                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses         1957669893                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     31622809                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total     31622809                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      8850875                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total      8850875                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          813                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          226                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total           1039                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          408                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total          418                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      2029023                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1971550                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total         4000573                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     11069063                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst     11664212                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total     22733275                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     11936727                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     15965040                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     27901767                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     11069063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     13965750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst     11664212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data     17936590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total           54635615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     11069063                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     13965750                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst     11664212                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data     17936590                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total          54635615                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9415                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6405                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        15820                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2401                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         4294                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         6695                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4862489                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2047008                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total       6909497                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       163854                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        66073                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       229927                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     32458836                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data     32471088                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     64929924                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       163854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     37321325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        66073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data     34518096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total         72069348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       163854                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     37321325                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        66073                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data     34518096                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total        72069348                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     31622809                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     31622809                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      8850875                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total      8850875                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10228                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6631                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        16859                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2411                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4702                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         7113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      6891512                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      4018558                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total     10910070                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     11232917                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst     11730285                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     22963202                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     44395563                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     48436128                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     92831691                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     11232917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     51287075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst     11730285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     52454686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total      126704963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     11232917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     51287075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst     11730285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     52454686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total     126704963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.920512                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.965918                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.938371                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995852                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.913228                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.941234                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.705577                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.509389                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.633314                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.014587                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005633                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.010013                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.731128                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.670390                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.699437                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.014587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.727695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.658056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.568797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.014587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.727695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.658056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.568797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks       17179195                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total            17179195                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                520                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp          94275816                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             17823                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            17823                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     18539375                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict        83048611                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           37919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         18017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          36071                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq          7702280                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp         7689908                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     94275296                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     93091863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side    114831582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        18954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    207942399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     97699060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        17732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     97716792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total          780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total             305659971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port   2136989440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side   3209716352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        71371                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total   5346777163                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port   2365571648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        70254                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total   2365641902                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        15616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        15616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total             7712434681                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                       174656596                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples        378450400                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.461414                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.498509                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2              203828021     53.86%     53.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3              174622379     46.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total          378450400                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 44                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp         101168576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              8822                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             8822                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     29041422                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict        80875693                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           40106                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         14787                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          34856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          9196268                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         9174433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq    101168532                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    118234348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     97813018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    216047366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    114684995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total    114684995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total             330732361                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port   3346106880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side   2365842606                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total   5711949486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port   3208721536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total   3208721536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total             8920671022                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                       128560810                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples        349120886                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.368188                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.482313                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1              220578748     63.18%     63.18% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2              128542138     36.82%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total          349120886                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements     47874575                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.704666                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs        11723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs     47874575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.000245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.859455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.058513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     6.523560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.040847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     5.222289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.241216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.407723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.326393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses    662328900                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses    662328900                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     11870249                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total     11870249                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          228                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          272                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1907                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          941                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2848                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total         3120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1951                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1169                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total         3120                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5404                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4225                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         9629                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1346                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          936                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         2282                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1266010                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       999510                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total      2265520                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        47326                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     18319845                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        26407                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     17619591                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     36013173                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total          256                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        47326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     19585855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        26407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     18619101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total     38278693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        47326                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     19585855                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        26407                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     18619101                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total     38278693                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     11870249                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     11870249                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5404                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4225                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         9629                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1346                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          936                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2282                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1266054                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       999738                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2265792                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        47326                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     18321752                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        26407                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     17620532                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     36016021                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        47326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     19587806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        26407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     18620270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total     38281813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        47326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     19587806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        26407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     18620270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total     38281813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999772                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999880                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999896                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999947                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks     11867137                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total     11867137                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements     33212697                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.583887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs        12961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs     33212697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.000390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.247190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.526195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.644251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.169334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.996916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.452949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.032887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.227766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.010583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.249807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.973993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses    558230870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses    558230870                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4346660                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      4346660                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          236                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          732                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          971                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total          976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          241                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          732                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total          976                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1537                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         4253                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         5790                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1081                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3368                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         4449                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2938340                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       802731                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total      3741071                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       114203                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     14168908                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        39044                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data     14554331                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     28876486                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       114203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     17107248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        39044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data     15357062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total     32617557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       114203                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     17107248                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        39044                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data     15357062                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total     32617557                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4346660                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4346660                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1537                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4253                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         5790                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1081                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3368                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4449                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2938345                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       802731                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      3741076                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       114206                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     14169144                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        39044                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     14555063                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     28877457                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       114206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     17107489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        39044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     15357794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total     32618533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       114206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     17107489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        39044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     15357794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total     32618533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999998                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999999                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999974                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999983                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999950                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999966                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks      4346061                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total      4346061                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements     33211509                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.564286                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs        11459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs     33211509                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.000345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.989883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.700915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.676969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.205544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.990975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.436868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.043807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.229811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.012846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.249436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.972768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses    558213981                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses    558213981                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4346061                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      4346061                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          615                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          240                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          856                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          616                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          240                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          857                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1537                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         4253                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         5790                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1081                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3368                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         4449                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2938339                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       802731                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total      3741070                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       114202                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     14168293                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        39044                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data     14554091                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     28875630                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       114202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     17106632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        39044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data     15356822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total     32616700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       114202                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     17106632                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        39044                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data     15356822                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total     32616700                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4346061                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4346061                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1537                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4253                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         5790                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1081                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3368                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4449                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2938340                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       802731                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      3741071                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       114203                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     14168908                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        39044                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     14554331                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     28876486                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       114203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     17107248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        39044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     15357062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total     32617557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       114203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     17107248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        39044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     15357062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total     32617557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     1.000000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     1.000000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999991                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999957                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999984                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999970                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks      4345357                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total      4345357                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements     47866742                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.704125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs        13503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs     47866742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.000282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.858607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.085448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     6.505119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.041870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     5.213079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.241163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.005341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.406570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.325817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses    662271167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses    662271167                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     11867137                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total     11867137                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          383                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          410                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1117                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3375                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4492                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total         4902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1144                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3758                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total         4902                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5404                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4225                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         9629                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1346                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          936                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         2282                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1265983                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       999127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total      2265366                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        47326                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     18318728                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        26407                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     17616216                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     36008681                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        47326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     19584711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        26407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     18615343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total     38274047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        47326                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     19584711                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        26407                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     18615343                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          260                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total     38274047                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     11867137                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     11867137                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5404                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4225                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         9629                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1346                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          936                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2282                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1266010                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       999510                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2265776                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        47326                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     18319845                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        26407                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     17619591                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     36013173                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        47326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     19585855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        26407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     18619101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total     38278949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        47326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     19585855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        26407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     18619101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total     38278949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999979                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999617                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999819                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999939                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999808                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999875                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks     11862227                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total     11862227                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits          1609353309                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses          17032620                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses      1624365258                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits          728001631                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses          2358300                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses      729189522                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits          2337354940                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses          19390920                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses      2353554780                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits         6256325485                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              244                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses     6256325729                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              6750692833                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts         6244904120                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps           6244904120                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses   3711897145                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses    4384004692                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls           29064615                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts    167433490                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts          3711897145                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts           4384004692                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads   8730497776                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes   1463935907                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads   5454838985                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes   3712018020                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs           2367930874                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts         1637564020                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts         730366854                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      486397599.940272                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      6264295233.059728                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.927948                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.072052                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                206275730                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass    102669058      1.64%      1.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu       1165170952     18.60%     20.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult           36899      0.00%     20.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     20.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd     1200739123     19.17%     39.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp       55004189      0.88%     40.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt       11137120      0.18%     40.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult    1154819217     18.43%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv        7542142      0.12%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt       4916713      0.08%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead      1637625266     26.14%     85.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite      730375027     11.66%     96.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess     194259334      3.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total        6264295040                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits          1561269430                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses          11822813                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses      1571521194                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits          709025276                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses          1853375                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses      709967536                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits          2270294706                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses          13676188                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses      2281488730                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits         5967114668                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              249                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses     5967114917                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              6750638602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts         5959642875                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps           5959642875                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses   3530593049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses    4248328040                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls           28346594                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts    154474041                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts          3530593049                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts           4248328040                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads   8394727424                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes   1353250451                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads   5275507510                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes   3597538746                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs           2291357632                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts         1580472044                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts         710885588                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      777367503.463665                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      5973271098.536335                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.884845                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.115155                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                192306583                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass     80898548      1.35%      1.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu       1111761398     18.61%     19.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult           29121      0.00%     19.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     19.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd     1169343730     19.58%     39.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp       53142746      0.89%     40.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt       11014579      0.18%     40.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult    1108581289     18.56%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv        6024126      0.10%     59.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt       4045209      0.07%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead      1580511519     26.46%     85.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite      710886877     11.90%     97.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess     137079921      2.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total        5973319063                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits          1626858622                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses          13909059                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses      1632845545                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits          779009792                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses          2029480                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses      762977823                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits          2405868414                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses          15938539                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses      2395823368                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits         6265119258                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses             1262                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses     6265120520                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              6750692778                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts         6298496632                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps           6298496632                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses   3798623624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses    4371757135                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls           35217680                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts    164306986                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts          3798623624                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts           4371757135                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   8859457453                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes   1508757341                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads   5414503269                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes   3682272085                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs           2430890628                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts         1649844271                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts         781046357                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      436256383.206682                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      6314436394.793319                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.935376                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.064624                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                209378588                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     94309144      1.49%      1.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu       1209378945     19.15%     20.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult         1936999      0.03%     20.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     20.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd     1214476918     19.23%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp       56747886      0.90%     40.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt       18684627      0.30%     41.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult    1114920826     17.66%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv        6482016      0.10%     58.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt       5025551      0.08%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead      1650015735     26.13%     85.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite      781059688     12.37%     97.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess     161396836      2.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total        6314435171                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits          1597398916                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses          18282571                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses      1614058385                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits          723258226                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses          2813112                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses      725116557                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits          2320657142                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses          21095683                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses      2339174942                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits         6244015852                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              345                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses     6244016197                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              6750638359                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts         6229412420                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps           6229412420                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses   3715624532                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses    4345205360                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls           28829492                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts    169228713                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts          3715624532                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts           4345205360                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads   8692819135                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes   1478352644                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads   5401816786                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes   3677723602                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs           2353966134                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts         1627887787                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts         726078347                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      500180391.200963                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      6250457967.799037                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.925906                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.074094                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                207712827                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass    108448873      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu       1167444151     18.68%     20.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult           29710      0.00%     20.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     20.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd     1192142409     19.07%     39.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp       54441205      0.87%     40.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt       11113294      0.18%     40.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult    1140034330     18.24%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv        6966505      0.11%     58.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt       4592867      0.07%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead      1627929379     26.04%     85.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite      726079665     11.62%     96.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess     211285715      3.38%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total        6250508103                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              44                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       64889703                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           8822                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          8822                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16213198                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict     54540814                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        23199                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        11063                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        22150                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       6018758                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      6006847                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     64889659                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side    114822979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total    114822979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     97810100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     97810100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total          212633079                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side   3209349504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total   3209349504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side   2365741806                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total   2365741806                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total          5575091310                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                    222130148                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples     363782802                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.610467                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.487644                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1           141705557     38.95%     38.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2           222077245     61.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total       363782802                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.546279                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                546279248000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10379017906000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               17088732                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 17088731                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              271802691                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 781096                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2009.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 34345572178                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   34345572178                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       138368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        64448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        13952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       844992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     15873856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        78080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        27520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          17046848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       138368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        13952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       844992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        78080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      1075392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks     15378176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       15378176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         2162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           88                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        13203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       248029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          430                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             266357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       240284                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            240284                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       253292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       117976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        25540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        10310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1546813                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     29058135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       142931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        50377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             31205374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       253292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        25540                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1546813                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       142931                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         1968576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       28150760                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            28150760                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       28150760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       253292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       117976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        25540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        10310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      1546813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     29058135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       142931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        50377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            59356134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       525632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        10624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       111424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    215534464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        72000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         216261504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       111424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       118784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     98106624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       98106624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         8213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      3367726                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           76                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            3379086                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      1532916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1532916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst         3280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       962204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        19448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       203969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    394549976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst         8904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       131801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            395880870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         3280                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1289                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       203969                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         8904                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          217442                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      179590611                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           179590611                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      179590611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst         3280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       962204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst         1289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        19448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       203969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    394549976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst         8904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       131801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           575471481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     564                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     29526                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    9969     36.04%     36.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                   2476      8.95%     45.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    560      2.02%     47.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     11      0.04%     47.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  14642     52.94%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               27658                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     9967     43.38%     43.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                    2476     10.78%     54.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     560      2.44%     56.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      11      0.05%     56.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    9960     43.35%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                22974                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            544559239500     99.69%     99.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21              185640500      0.03%     99.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               27440000      0.01%     99.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1741000      0.00%     99.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1505001000      0.28%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        546279062000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999799                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.680235                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.830646                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1      7.69%      7.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      7.69%     15.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      7.69%     23.08% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      7.69%     30.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      7.69%     38.46% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     23.08%     61.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     30.77%     92.31% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      7.69%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    13                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   66      0.26%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                21467     83.10%     83.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   1123      4.35%     87.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     87.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    3147     12.18%     99.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  17      0.07%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.01%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                  5      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 25834                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             3210                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                100                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 99                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  100                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.030841                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.060121                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      546242490000     99.99%     99.99% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            75811000      0.01%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      66                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            14862                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          491.949640                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1550210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            15374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           100.833225                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   491.949640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.960839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.960839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          284                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3128927                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3128927                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       935942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         935942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       563479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        563479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        19764                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19764                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        18781                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18781                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1499421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1499421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1499421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1499421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8991                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8991                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          296                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          296                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          882                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          882                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        17368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         17368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        17368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        17368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       944319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       944319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       572470                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       572470                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        20060                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20060                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        19663                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19663                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1516789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1516789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1516789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1516789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.008871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.015706                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015706                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.014756                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014756                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.044856                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044856                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9024                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             9024                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             9579                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           84731236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            10091                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          8396.713507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          9670547                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         9670547                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      4820902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        4820902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      4820902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         4820902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      4820902                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        4820902                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          9581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         9581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      4830483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4830483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      4830483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      4830483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      4830483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      4830483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         9579                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             9579                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     569                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      9791                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    2271     26.29%     26.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    560      6.48%     32.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      9      0.10%     32.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   5798     67.12%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                8638                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     2271     44.51%     44.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     560     10.98%     55.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       9      0.18%     55.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    2262     44.34%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 5102                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            545876611500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               27440000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1732500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              293551000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        546199335000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.390135                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.590646                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   11      0.12%      0.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 7498     81.43%     81.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1120     12.16%     93.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     571      6.20%     99.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   2      0.02%     99.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  5      0.05%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  9208                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                578                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  4                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    2                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    2                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.003460                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.013699                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel           4966500      0.00%      0.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user              304500      0.00%      0.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        466376745000    100.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      11                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2077                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.417236                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             293895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           116.532514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   489.417236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.955893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          445                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.869141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           575117                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          575117                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       179591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         179591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        98931                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         98931                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1767                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1767                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1645                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1645                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       278522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          278522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       278522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         278522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          513                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          513                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           51                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           51                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          3699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         3699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       182777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        99444                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99444                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1818                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1818                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1807                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1807                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       282221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       282221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       282221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       282221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.005159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.028053                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.028053                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.089651                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.089651                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.013107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.013107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             3549                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          271669539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         66897.202413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          486                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1679543                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         1679543                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       834448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         834448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       834448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          834448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       834448                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         834448                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          3549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         3549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       837997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       837997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       837997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       837997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       837997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       837997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             3549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    574708                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   61985     48.18%     48.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      1      0.00%     48.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    560      0.44%     48.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.00%     48.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  66103     51.38%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total              128650                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    61985     49.77%     49.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       1      0.00%     49.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     560      0.45%     50.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.00%     50.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   61984     49.77%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total               124531                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            535469005000     98.04%     98.04% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                  71500      0.00%     98.04% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               27440000      0.01%     98.05% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     98.05% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            10671801000      1.95%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        546168482000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.937688                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.967983                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      0.06%      0.06% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      0.06%      0.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                        99      5.70%      5.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                        18      1.04%      6.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      0.06%      6.90% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                       34      1.96%      8.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.06%      8.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      0.06%      8.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                       21      1.21%     10.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::121                    1561     89.82%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                  1738                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   23      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  150      0.10%      0.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      0.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl               125749     87.97%     88.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   8215      5.75%     93.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     93.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    2339      1.64%     95.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                1748      1.22%     96.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       6      0.00%     96.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               4707      3.29%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                142941                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2490                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               2308                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               2309                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 2308                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.927309                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.962276                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       26951997500      4.94%      4.94% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        519049414000     95.06%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     150                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          4542418                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.798214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          364054307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4542825                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            80.138308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   511.798214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.999606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.794922                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        741676634                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       741676634                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    217335542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      217335542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    144174574                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     144174574                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1250344                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1250344                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1261176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1261176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data    361510116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       361510116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data    361510116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      361510116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4213324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4213324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       318081                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       318081                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        13006                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13006                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          343                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          343                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4531405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       4531405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4531405                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      4531405                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    221548866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221548866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    144492655                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    144492655                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1263350                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1263350                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1261519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1261519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    366041521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    366041521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    366041521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    366041521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.019018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.002201                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002201                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.010295                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010295                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000272                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000272                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.012379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.012379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2341523                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          2341523                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           493522                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         1092363534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           494034                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          2211.110033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.999913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2184495687                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      2184495687                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1091507553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1091507553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1091507553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      1091507553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1091507553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     1091507553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       493527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       493527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       493527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        493527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       493527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       493527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1092001080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1092001080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1092001080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   1092001080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1092001080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   1092001080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       493522                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           493522                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     570                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                     10728                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    2395     26.64%     26.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    560      6.23%     32.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     16      0.18%     33.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   6019     66.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                8990                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     2395     44.67%     44.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     560     10.44%     55.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      16      0.30%     55.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    2391     44.59%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 5362                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            545868579500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               27440000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2072000      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              302524500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        546200616000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.397242                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.596440                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1     25.00%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     25.00%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     25.00%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     25.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     4                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   69      0.72%      0.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.05%      0.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 7781     80.77%     81.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   1121     11.64%     93.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     639      6.63%     99.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  11      0.11%     99.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.02%     99.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                  5      0.05%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                  9634                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              708                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 69                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 69                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   69                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.097458                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.177606                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      546076136000    100.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8491000      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      69                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             4559                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          500.144338                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             343410                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5018                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            68.435632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   500.144338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.976844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.896484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           690395                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          690395                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       213255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         213255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       117447                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        117447                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       330702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          330702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       330702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         330702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1178                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1178                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          105                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          105                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          165                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          165                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          6611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6611                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         6611                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       218688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       218688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       118625                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       118625                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2355                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2355                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2335                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2335                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       337313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       337313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       337313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       337313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.024844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.009930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.044586                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.044586                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.070664                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.070664                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.019599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.019599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1251                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1251                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             5949                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          116001529                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6461                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         17954.113759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          477                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2087649                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses         2087649                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1034901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1034901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1034901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total         1034901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1034901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total        1034901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         5949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         5949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          5949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         5949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         5949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1040850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1040850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1040850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total      1040850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1040850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total      1040850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         5949                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             5949                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   4                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    32768                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                14868                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               14868                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               12739                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              12739                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         9552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio        19806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        24782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        54188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         1026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         1026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   55214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        38208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio        27228                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        12391                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        77854                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        32776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        32776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   110630                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                  513                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                 4617                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                4617                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total          512                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                1                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total          512                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks             512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                  512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         65655                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        33180                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         8595                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           17003                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        10514                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         6489                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               14857                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              39897                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              11052                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             11052                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9161                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         8131                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             5290                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             2086                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1044                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3130                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7418                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7418                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          13130                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         11910                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        25250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       101511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         9141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         9674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                 145576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1002816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1659328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       357888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       232528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 3252560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          7295354                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples           7383666                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.005507                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.085057                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                 7349490     99.54%     99.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   27687      0.37%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    6489      0.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total             7383666                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      10097559                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5048722                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       103582                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          134946                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       122239                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        12707                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            4731354                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               1175                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              1175                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2342774                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       440108                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2160837                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              884                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            508                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1392                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            318375                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           318375                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         499476                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       4231868                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1423366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     13590451                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        15694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        18800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               15048311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     59509696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    440668854                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       623680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       493528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               501295758                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          4297775                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          14395223                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.024710                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.160829                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                14052236     97.62%     97.62% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  330270      2.29%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   12717      0.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            14395223                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               12634                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            8053.398744                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                469147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               20605                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               22.768600                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1632.138468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   345.825159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  3052.752747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst    95.991450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  2926.690920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.199236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.042215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.372650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.011718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.357262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.983081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7971                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          820                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         4062                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2923                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.973022                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              477375                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             477375                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9161                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9161                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         8131                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         8131                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          630                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             662                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         7390                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3320                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        10710                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4339                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1856                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         6195                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         7390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total              17567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         7390                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4969                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3320                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1888                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total             17567                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1743                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          318                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2061                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          863                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          141                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1004                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6543                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          6692                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2190                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          229                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2419                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4021                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          649                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4670                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            13781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2190                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10564                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          229                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           13781                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9161                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9161                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         8131                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         8131                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1747                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          319                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2066                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          864                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          141                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1005                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7173                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          181                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7354                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9580                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3549                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        13129                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8360                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2505                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        10865                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        15533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          31348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        15533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         31348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997710                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996865                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997580                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998843                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999005                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.912171                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.823204                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.909981                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.228601                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.064525                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.184249                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.480981                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.259082                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.429821                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.228601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.680100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.064525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.297096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.439613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.228601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.680100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.064525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.297096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.439613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           3137                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                3137                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             3640096                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            8067.422567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               6043170                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             3646788                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.657121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  3334.692138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   396.172578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  4295.962847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    22.148676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data    18.446327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.407067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.048361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.524410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.002704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.002252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.984793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6692                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         6138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          554                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.816895                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            83910594                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           83910594                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2342774                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      2342774                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       440108                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       440108                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             38                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        89562                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          202                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total           89764                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       478583                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4653                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       483236                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       835708                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3327                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       839035                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       478583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       925270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            1412035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       478583                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       925270                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4653                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3529                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           1412035                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          367                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          304                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          671                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          269                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          144                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          413                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       227955                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          616                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total        228571                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        14944                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1296                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        16240                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3389964                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1918                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3391882                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        14944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3617919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          3636693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        14944                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3617919                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1296                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2534                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         3636693                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2342774                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2342774                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       440108                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       440108                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          401                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          308                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          709                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          301                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          144                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          445                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       317517                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          818                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       318335                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       493527                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         5949                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       499476                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4225672                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5245                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4230917                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       493527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4543189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         5949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        5048728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       493527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4543189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         5949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       5048728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.915212                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.987013                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.946403                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.893688                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.928090                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.717930                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.753056                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.718020                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.030280                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.217852                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.032514                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.802231                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.365682                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.801690                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.030280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.796339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.217852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.417945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.720319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.030280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.796339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.217852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.417945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.720319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        1769690                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             1769690                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq              14867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             83508                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             12227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            12227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       243232                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           22742                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2783                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1464                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           3975                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           210824                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          210726                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        68641                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        16078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        29066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        51818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        96962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       787369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       789739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         1539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                888240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       297920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       782336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        68560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1148816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     32333248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9294                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     32342542                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        31744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        32832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               33524190                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         6755218                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples          7334135                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.921018                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.269711                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 579268      7.90%      7.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                6754867     92.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total            7334135                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           3410981                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              1175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             1175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1772645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1864927                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           559                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1482                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           235052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          235006                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3410971                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     10114427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       791707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     10906134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        29033                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        29033                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              10935167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    313655744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     32361486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    346017230                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       783872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       783872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              346801102                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          638202                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          7923975                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.080386                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.271889                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                7287002     91.96%     91.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 636973      8.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            7923975                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         5573                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.499906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          206                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         5589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.036858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.396009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.480019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.623825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.587251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.092501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.226489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.906244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       167233                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       167233                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2948                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2948                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          291                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          320                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           69                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6359                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         6444                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2705                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2849                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         9293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9064                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          189                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         9293                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2948                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2948                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          291                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          320                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           69                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6359                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6444                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2705                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2849                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         9293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         9293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         2953                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         2953                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements       300374                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.955878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs       300390                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.001375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14.229320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.277034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.162064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.136376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.151084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.889332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.017315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.072629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.008524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.009443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses      4684967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses      4684967                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       239729                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       239729                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           44                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           44                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           45                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           45                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           45                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          249                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          255                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          504                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          253                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          114                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          367                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       203989                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       204075                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        13203                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        45950                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1220                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1281                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        61654                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        13203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       249939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total       265729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        13203                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       249939                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1220                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1367                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total       265729                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       239729                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       239729                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          249                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          255                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          504                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          253                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          114                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          367                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       203990                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       204076                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        13203                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        45994                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1220                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1281                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        61698                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        13203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       249984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total       265774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        13203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       249984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total       265774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999995                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999995                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999043                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999287                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks       239688                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total       239688                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       300309                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.933452                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       300325                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.001498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.422123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.371974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.647591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.271513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.220252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.838883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.023248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.102974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.016970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.013766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      4684108                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      4684108                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       239688                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       239688                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          102                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          103                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          104                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          105                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          249                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          255                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          504                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          253                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          114                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          367                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       203987                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total       204073                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        13203                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        45848                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1220                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1280                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        61551                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        13203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       249835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       265624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        13203                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       249835                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1220                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1366                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       265624                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       239688                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       239688                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          249                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          255                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          504                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          253                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          114                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          367                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       203989                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       204075                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        13203                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        45950                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1220                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1281                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        61654                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        13203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       249939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       265729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        13203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       249939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       265729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999990                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999990                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997780                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999219                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998329                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks       239583                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total       239583                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         5579                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.526706                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs          206                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         5595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.036819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.966131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.563087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.996978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.560383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.097693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.249811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.907919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       167278                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       167278                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2953                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2953                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          291                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          320                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           69                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6359                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         6444                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2705                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2849                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         9293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9064                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          189                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         9293                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2953                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2953                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          291                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          320                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           69                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6359                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6444                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2705                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2849                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         9293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         9293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         2955                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         2955                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              973744                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               379                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           34145                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             604997                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          15555                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits             1578741                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               485                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           49700                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             647089                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              158                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         647247                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              1092559060                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            4829993                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              4829993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      4641344                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          4020                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls             362826                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       334468                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             4641344                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 4020                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      6071742                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes      3566389                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         2565                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         2556                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs              1585494                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             979615                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            605879                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      1087728980.504629                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      4830079.495371                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.004421                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.995579                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   764080                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        30054      0.62%      0.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu          2999971     62.10%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            7373      0.15%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           1184      0.02%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead         1039300     21.52%     84.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         607077     12.57%     96.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess        145297      3.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           4830483                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits              184531                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 8                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses              96                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits             101799                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses             39                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              286330                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 8                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses             135                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             118026                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                6                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         118032                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              1092399239                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             837989                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               837989                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       800955                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           268                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              35046                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        58249                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              800955                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  268                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads      1094241                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       634221                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          132                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          136                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               287005                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts             184603                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts            102402                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      1091561927.068730                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      837311.931270                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000766                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999234                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                   110921                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         5359      0.64%      0.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           498820     59.53%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult            3194      0.38%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              8      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead          188285     22.47%     83.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite         102411     12.22%     95.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         39920      4.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            837997                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           222748610                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses            426061                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses       215205698                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits          145756091                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses             4351                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  14                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses      139780951                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits           368504701                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses            430412                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   14                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses       354986649                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits         1039352476                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              779                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses     1039353255                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              1092336770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts         1091570654                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps           1091570654                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses    982834724                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses       6256489                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls           69666965                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts    113057904                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts           982834724                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts              6256489                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   1309435090                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    684014424                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads      3126527                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes      3125567                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs            368999777                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          223238287                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts         145761490                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      556529.165935                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      1091780240.834065                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.999491                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.000509                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                194230297                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     95673071      8.76%      8.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        620896426     56.86%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          158411      0.01%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           3775      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp             77      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt            166      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv             19      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       224648462     20.57%     86.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite      145765100     13.35%     99.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess       4855572      0.44%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total        1092001080                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits              220433                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               334                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1920                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits             121408                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            914                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              341841                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               372                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2834                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             142499                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              131                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         142630                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              1092401802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts            1040457                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps              1040457                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       997001                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           565                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls              39753                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        81814                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              997001                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  565                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads      1361648                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       785086                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          285                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          291                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               343622                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts             221389                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts            122233                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1091361540.215043                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      1040261.784957                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.000952                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.999048                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                   140994                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         8277      0.80%      0.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           633640     60.88%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult            3531      0.34%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             33      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead          226216     21.73%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite         122253     11.75%     95.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess         46897      4.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total           1040850                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              10                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          64513                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           1175                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          1175                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       242641                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        22809                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          992                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          504                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1260                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        210559                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       210519                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        64503                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        29090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        29090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       791570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       791570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             820660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       783744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       783744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     32355982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     32355982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total            33139726                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      7087473                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples       7629086                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.928800                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.257159                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1              543193      7.12%      7.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2             7085893     92.88%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total         7629086                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
