
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.487732                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                487731817000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2947986586500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1394966                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1394966                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              772885012                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 717812                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   631.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   880298241                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     880298241                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst        2331392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11863872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst        1823360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data       11931200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst        2420800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data       33808000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst        2420736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data        9178176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           75777536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst      2331392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1823360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst      2420800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst      2420736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       8996288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     22143296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        22143296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           36428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          185373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst           28490                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data          186425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst           37825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data          528250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst           37824                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data          143409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1184024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        345989                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             345989                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           4780070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          24324581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst           3738448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data          24462624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst           4963383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data          69316782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst           4963252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data          18818079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             155367219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      4780070                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      3738448                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      4963383                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      4963252                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         18445153                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        45400557                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             45400557                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        45400557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          4780070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         24324581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst          3738448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data         24462624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst          4963383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data         69316782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst          4963252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data         18818079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            200767776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1184024                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     345989                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1184024                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   345989                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               73792896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 1984640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                22018624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                75777536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             22143296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  31010                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                  1927                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        24332                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             77226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            115635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             58188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             57860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            107105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            168708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             58998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             55037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             54043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             71094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            45334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            45260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            74736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            76581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            46371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            40838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             15026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             16962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             14631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             17918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             20393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             40363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             23488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             22233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             18392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             41960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            20293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            19013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            24052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            22317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            13621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            13379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                        11                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  487731803500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1184024                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               345989                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1048306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   88390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   13855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    2463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  12426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  13002                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  19080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  19721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  19832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  19821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  19842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  19839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  19867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  19862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  20105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  20027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  20315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  20025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  19987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  19830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  19845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  19842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       451607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    212.156145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   145.502963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   221.063949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       175733     38.91%     38.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       150201     33.26%     72.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        54844     12.14%     84.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        25876      5.73%     90.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13499      2.99%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         7898      1.75%     94.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5787      1.28%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3877      0.86%     96.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13892      3.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       451607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        19803                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      58.223602                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     79.205353                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         17714     89.45%     89.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255         1312      6.63%     96.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-383          573      2.89%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-511          149      0.75%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           50      0.25%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            4      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         19803                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        19803                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.373176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.335993                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.242170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          7262     36.67%     36.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19         12435     62.79%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            75      0.38%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23             9      0.05%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25             3      0.02%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27             3      0.02%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29             5      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31             1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33             3      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37             2      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41             2      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::58-59             1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::78-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         19803                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  13160147000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             34779159500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 5765070000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     11413.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                30163.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       151.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        45.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    155.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     45.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   795056                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  250387                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 68.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                72.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     318776.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    69.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1926076320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1050934500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              5450281200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1108170720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          31856198400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         233254117215                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy          88029693000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           362675471355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            743.597416                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 145033094500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   16286400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  326412057000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1488065040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                811940250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              3543181200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1121214960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          31856198400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         192390848280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         123874665750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           355086113880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            728.036875                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 204864722250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   16286400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  266579985250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    38590197                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                    144938                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                38398200                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   13518177                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     6545                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               13320107                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    52108374                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                    151483                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                51718307                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                  207618914                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                       32                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses              207618946                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5895692750                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  208805159                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    208805159                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            141541446                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              91925544                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1323733                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     15343835                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   141541446                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     91925544                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          296706431                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          94756218                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           131152088                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           80300720                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     52280443                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   38754760                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  13525683                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2166698178.971007                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              3728994571.028993                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.632495                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.367505                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         18628896                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              2105401      1.01%      1.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 77878226     37.27%     38.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 5569840      2.67%     40.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     40.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               38241660     18.30%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                 468353      0.22%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                6362101      3.04%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult              23256581     11.13%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                 904708      0.43%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                302619      0.14%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                38766441     18.55%     92.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               13526826      6.47%     99.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess               1573886      0.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 208956642                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     262                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    165141                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    2948     27.03%     27.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    499      4.58%     31.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     77      0.71%     32.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   7382     67.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               10906                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     2948     46.10%     46.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     499      7.80%     53.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      77      1.20%     55.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    2871     44.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 6395                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            482462746500     98.95%     98.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              571362500      0.12%     99.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               66862500      0.01%     99.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             4490526500      0.92%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        487591498000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.388919                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.586374                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   34      0.26%      0.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  117      0.90%      1.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 9142     70.05%     71.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   1004      7.69%     78.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    1188      9.10%     88.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 601      4.61%     92.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                964      7.39%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 13050                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1303                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                925                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                925                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  925                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.709900                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.830341                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      187196705500     38.29%     38.29% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        301739114500     61.71%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     117                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          2084869                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          497.329898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           48182626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2084869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.110625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2461698139500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   497.329898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.971347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.971347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          311                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.845703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        106354401                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       106354401                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     36626127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       36626127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     13380300                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      13380300                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data         4956                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4956                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data         4634                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4634                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     50006427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        50006427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     50006427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       50006427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1976163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1976163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       130080                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       130080                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         2308                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2308                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         2146                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2146                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      2106243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2106243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      2106243                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2106243                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  37816250000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37816250000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3192124000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3192124000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     41315000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     41315000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19381500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     19381500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1198000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      1198000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  41008374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41008374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  41008374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41008374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     38602290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38602290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     13510380                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13510380                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         7264                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7264                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data         6780                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6780                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     52112670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     52112670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     52112670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     52112670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009628                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009628                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.317731                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.317731                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.316519                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.316519                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19136.199797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19136.199797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24539.698647                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24539.698647                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17900.779896                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17900.779896                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  9031.453868                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9031.453868                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19469.915864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19469.915864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19469.915864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19469.915864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       180915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           180915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1976163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1976163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       130080                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       130080                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2308                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         2308                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2146                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         2146                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2106243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2106243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2106243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2106243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          969                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          969                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35840087000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35840087000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3062044000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3062044000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     39007000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39007000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17354500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17354500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1079000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1079000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  38902131000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38902131000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  38902131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38902131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     60969500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     60969500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    159976000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    159976000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    220945500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    220945500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009628                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009628                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.317731                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317731                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.316519                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.316519                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18136.199797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18136.199797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23539.698647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23539.698647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16900.779896                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16900.779896                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  8086.905871                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8086.905871                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18469.915864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18469.915864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18469.915864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18469.915864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227498.134328                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227498.134328                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 228211.126961                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 228211.126961                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 228013.931889                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 228013.931889                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           295624                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          504.288378                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          201734933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           295624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           682.403773                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   504.288378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.984938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        418209415                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       418209415                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst    208660511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      208660511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst    208660511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       208660511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst    208660511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      208660511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       296131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       296131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       296131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        296131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       296131                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       296131                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8518956500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8518956500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8518956500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8518956500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8518956500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8518956500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst    208956642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    208956642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst    208956642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    208956642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst    208956642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    208956642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28767.526872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28767.526872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28767.526872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28767.526872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28767.526872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28767.526872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       296131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       296131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       296131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       296131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       296131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       296131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8222825500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8222825500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8222825500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8222825500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8222825500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8222825500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 27767.526872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27767.526872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 27767.526872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27767.526872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 27767.526872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27767.526872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    38248211                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                    143001                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                38071685                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   13410881                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     6353                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               13230621                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                    51659092                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                    149354                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                51302306                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                  205930646                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                       36                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses              205930682                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5895709837                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  207044526                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    207044526                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            140398786                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              91096454                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    1315220                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     15218239                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   140398786                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     91096454                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          294285617                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          93998406                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           129930945                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           79566212                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     51828586                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   38410357                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  13418229                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2201957820.451650                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              3693752016.548350                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.626515                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.373485                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         18477124                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              2097574      1.01%      1.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 77290436     37.30%     38.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 5526493      2.67%     40.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     40.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd               37888427     18.29%     59.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                 486402      0.23%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                6302474      3.04%     62.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult              23014816     11.11%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                 895444      0.43%     74.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                300428      0.14%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                38419269     18.54%     92.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               13418338      6.48%     99.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess               1553779      0.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 207193880                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     269                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    162797                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    3151     30.45%     30.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    499      4.82%     35.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     84      0.81%     36.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   6614     63.92%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               10348                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     3151     46.30%     46.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     499      7.33%     53.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      84      1.23%     54.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    3071     45.13%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 6805                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            483763907000     99.21%     99.21% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              535340000      0.11%     99.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               76581500      0.02%     99.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31             3224559500      0.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        487600388000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.464318                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.657615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         2    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     2                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   27      0.21%      0.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  129      1.01%      1.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 8286     64.60%     65.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1003      7.82%     73.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    1481     11.55%     85.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 900      7.02%     92.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique               1000      7.80%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 12826                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1258                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user               1212                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                352                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel               1250                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                 1212                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   38                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.993641                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.107955                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.885897                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        4996160500      1.02%      1.02% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        299820679500     61.32%     62.34% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        184156159500     37.66%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     129                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          2069494                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.228128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           47766883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2069494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.081431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2462428784500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   496.228128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.969196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          258                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.906250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        105444106                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       105444106                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     36302954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       36302954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data     13267267                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      13267267                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data         4454                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4454                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data         3560                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3560                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     49570221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        49570221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     49570221                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       49570221                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data      1957884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1957884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       136442                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       136442                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         2064                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2064                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         2401                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2401                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      2094326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       2094326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      2094326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      2094326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  37549002500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37549002500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3552371500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3552371500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     38798500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     38798500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12278500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     12278500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1954500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      1954500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  41101374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41101374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  41101374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41101374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     38260838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38260838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data     13403709                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13403709                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data         6518                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6518                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data         5961                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         5961                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     51664547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     51664547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     51664547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     51664547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.051172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.010179                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010179                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.316662                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.316662                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.402785                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.402785                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.040537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.040537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19178.359137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19178.359137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 26035.762449                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26035.762449                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18797.722868                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18797.722868                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5113.910870                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5113.910870                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19625.108030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19625.108030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19625.108030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19625.108030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       186822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           186822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1957884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1957884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       136442                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       136442                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2064                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         2064                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2401                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         2401                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      2094326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2094326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      2094326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2094326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data          608                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          608                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data          608                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          608                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  35591118500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35591118500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3415929500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3415929500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     36734500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36734500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     10128500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10128500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1703500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1703500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  39007048000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39007048000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  39007048000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39007048000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    138473500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    138473500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    138473500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    138473500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.051172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.010179                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010179                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.316662                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.316662                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.402785                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.402785                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.040537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.040537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18178.359137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18178.359137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25035.762449                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25035.762449                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17797.722868                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17797.722868                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  4218.450646                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4218.450646                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18625.108030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18625.108030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18625.108030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18625.108030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 227752.467105                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227752.467105                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 227752.467105                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227752.467105                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           279386                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          490.217372                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          200782440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           279386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           718.656053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   490.217372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.957456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.957456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          295                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        414667641                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       414667641                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst    206913999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      206913999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst    206913999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       206913999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst    206913999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      206913999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       279881                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       279881                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       279881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        279881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       279881                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       279881                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7785691500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7785691500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7785691500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7785691500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7785691500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7785691500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst    207193880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    207193880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst    207193880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    207193880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst    207193880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    207193880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 27817.863663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27817.863663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 27817.863663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27817.863663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 27817.863663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27817.863663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       279881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       279881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       279881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       279881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       279881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       279881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7505810500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7505810500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7505810500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7505810500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7505810500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7505810500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 26817.863663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26817.863663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 26817.863663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26817.863663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 26817.863663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26817.863663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    57044731                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                    128330                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                56182745                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                   18159217                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     9878                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses               17167043                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                    75203948                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                    138208                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                73349788                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                  288479708                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      540                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses              288480248                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5895973173                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  294297160                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    294297160                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            204883356                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses             128488255                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    2064052                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     18417176                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   204883356                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                    128488255                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          419069734                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         134929066                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads           165044162                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes          114918187                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     75367884                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   57197761                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  18170123                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              549634732.151440                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              5346338440.848560                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.906778                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.093222                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         22465972                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              3342641      1.14%      1.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                109456178     37.17%     38.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                 4817331      1.64%     39.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     39.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               53425550     18.15%     58.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                 801860      0.27%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt               15759068      5.35%     63.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult              28889927      9.81%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                 778774      0.26%     73.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                257797      0.09%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                57250605     19.44%     93.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               18171118      6.17%     99.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess               1484519      0.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 294435368                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      77                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    164225                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    6304     37.33%     37.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      4      0.02%     37.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    499      2.96%     40.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     17      0.10%     40.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  10061     59.59%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               16885                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     6296     48.08%     48.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       4      0.03%     48.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     499      3.81%     51.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      17      0.13%     52.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    6279     47.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                13095                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            482468235500     98.96%     98.96% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                5771000      0.00%     98.96% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22              574339500      0.12%     99.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30               15510500      0.00%     99.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             4493428500      0.92%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        487557285000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998731                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.624093                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.775540                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                       308     52.56%     52.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                       228     38.91%     91.47% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         9      1.54%     93.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                       12      2.05%     95.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        9      1.54%     96.59% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       10      1.71%     98.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                       10      1.71%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                   586                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  176      0.71%      0.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  112      0.45%      1.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      1.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                14016     56.16%     57.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   1515      6.07%     63.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    2349      9.41%     72.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                1423      5.70%     78.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     78.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               5364     21.49%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 24957                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2461                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               2260                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               2260                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 2260                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.918326                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.957424                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       66563251500     13.65%     13.65% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        420994032500     86.35%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     112                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          2258886                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.620358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           72903514                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2258886                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            32.274101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2503078736000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   496.620358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.969962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          471                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        152728228                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       152728228                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data     55108719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       55108719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data     17781142                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      17781142                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        26474                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        26474                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        27282                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        27282                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data     72889861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        72889861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data     72889861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       72889861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data      1930581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1930581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       346527                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       346527                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         3615                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3615                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data         2132                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2132                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      2277108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       2277108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      2277108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      2277108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  46176443000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46176443000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  19975527000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  19975527000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     78000500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     78000500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     10775500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     10775500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       956000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       956000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  66151970000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  66151970000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  66151970000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  66151970000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data     57039300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     57039300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data     18127669                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18127669                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        30089                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        30089                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        29414                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        29414                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data     75166969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     75166969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data     75166969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     75166969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.033847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.019116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.120144                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.120144                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.072482                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.072482                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.030294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.030294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 23918.417823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23918.417823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 57644.936758                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57644.936758                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21576.901798                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21576.901798                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  5054.174484                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5054.174484                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29050.870666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29050.870666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29050.870666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29050.870666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       425854                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           425854                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1930581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1930581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       346527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       346527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         3615                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         3615                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2132                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         2132                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      2277108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2277108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      2277108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2277108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          762                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          762                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          804                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          804                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  44245862000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44245862000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  19629000000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19629000000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     74385500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74385500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      8794500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8794500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       805000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       805000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  63874862000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  63874862000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  63874862000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  63874862000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      7016500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7016500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    168806000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    168806000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    175822500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    175822500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.033847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.019116                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019116                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.120144                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120144                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.072482                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072482                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.030294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.030294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 22918.417823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22918.417823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 56644.936758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56644.936758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20576.901798                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20576.901798                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data         4125                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         4125                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28050.870666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28050.870666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28050.870666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28050.870666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 167059.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 167059.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 221530.183727                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 221530.183727                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 218684.701493                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 218684.701493                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           321581                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          506.711730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          293045952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           321581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           911.266375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     2788681797500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   506.711730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.989671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        589192831                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       589192831                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst    294113276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      294113276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst    294113276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       294113276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst    294113276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      294113276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       322093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       322093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       322093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        322093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       322093                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       322093                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   8789213000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8789213000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   8789213000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8789213000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   8789213000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8789213000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst    294435369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    294435369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst    294435369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    294435369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst    294435369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    294435369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 27287.811284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27287.811284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 27287.811284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27287.811284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 27287.811284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27287.811284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       322093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       322093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       322093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       322093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       322093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       322093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   8467120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8467120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   8467120000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8467120000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   8467120000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8467120000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 26287.811284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26287.811284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 26287.811284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26287.811284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 26287.811284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26287.811284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                    31470635                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                    119409                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                31328151                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                   10958786                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                     6169                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses               10814509                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                    42429421                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                    125578                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                42142660                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                  169257298                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                       29                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses              169257327                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5895697208                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  170151396                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                    170151396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            115154652                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses              75143759                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                    1036027                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     12545793                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   115154652                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                     75143759                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          241654708                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          77049276                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads           107311306                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes           65662023                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     42571532                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   31605660                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  10965872                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2848284903.290538                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              3047412304.709462                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.516888                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.483112                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         15181898                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass              1688888      0.99%      0.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 63268427     37.16%     38.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                 4533023      2.66%     40.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     40.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd               31290561     18.38%     59.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                 332410      0.20%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                5208460      3.06%     62.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult              19080887     11.21%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                 741895      0.44%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                246196      0.14%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                31612171     18.57%     92.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               10965978      6.44%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess               1308078      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                 170276974                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     317                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    137272                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    2788     29.06%     29.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    499      5.20%     34.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    119      1.24%     35.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   6189     64.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                9595                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     2788     45.25%     45.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     499      8.10%     53.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     119      1.93%     55.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    2755     44.72%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 6161                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            484281746500     99.32%     99.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22              493638500      0.10%     99.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               77973500      0.02%     99.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2740658000      0.56%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        487594016500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.445145                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.642105                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   15      0.14%      0.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  109      0.98%      1.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.01%      1.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 7892     71.16%     72.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   1002      9.04%     81.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    1128     10.17%     91.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 553      4.99%     96.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%     96.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                389      3.51%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 11090                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1237                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                811                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                811                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  811                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.655618                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.791992                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      432661286000     63.62%     63.62% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        247409763000     36.38%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     109                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          1712734                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          450.488335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           40503176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1712734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.648258                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2517763493500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   450.488335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.879860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.879860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          466                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          291                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.910156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         86625805                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        86625805                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data     29848605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       29848605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data     10846631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      10846631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data         2872                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2872                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data         2280                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2280                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data     40695236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        40695236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data     40695236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       40695236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data      1633409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1633409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       107392                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       107392                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data         1365                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1365                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data         1583                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1583                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data      1740801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       1740801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data      1740801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      1740801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  31450552500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31450552500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2067546500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2067546500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     29027000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     29027000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     10844500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     10844500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1075000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      1075000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data  33518099000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33518099000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data  33518099000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33518099000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data     31482014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31482014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data     10954023                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10954023                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data         4237                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4237                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data         3863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data     42436037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42436037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data     42436037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42436037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.051884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.009804                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009804                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.322162                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.322162                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.409785                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.409785                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.041022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.041022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19254.548310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19254.548310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19252.332576                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19252.332576                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 21265.201465                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21265.201465                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6850.600126                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6850.600126                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19254.411619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19254.411619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19254.411619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19254.411619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       144067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           144067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      1633409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1633409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       107392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       107392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1365                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1365                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1583                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1583                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      1740801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1740801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      1740801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1740801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data          590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data          590                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          590                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  29817143500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29817143500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1960154500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1960154500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     27662000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27662000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      9381500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9381500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       955000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       955000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  31777298000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31777298000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  31777298000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31777298000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    134027000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    134027000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    134027000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    134027000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.051884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.009804                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009804                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.322162                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322162                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.409785                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.409785                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.041022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.041022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18254.548310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18254.548310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18252.332576                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18252.332576                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20265.201465                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20265.201465                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5926.405559                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5926.405559                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18254.411619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18254.411619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18254.411619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18254.411619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 227164.406780                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227164.406780                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 227164.406780                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227164.406780                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           230078                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          447.727578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          163939968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           230078                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           712.540825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   447.727578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.874468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.874468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        340784520                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       340784520                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst    170046402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      170046402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst    170046402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       170046402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst    170046402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      170046402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst       230572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       230572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst       230572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        230572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst       230572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       230572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   7662036500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7662036500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   7662036500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7662036500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   7662036500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7662036500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst    170276974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    170276974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst    170276974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    170276974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst    170276974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    170276974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 33230.559218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33230.559218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 33230.559218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33230.559218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 33230.559218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33230.559218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       230572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       230572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       230572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       230572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       230572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       230572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   7431464500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7431464500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   7431464500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7431464500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   7431464500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7431464500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 32230.559218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32230.559218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 32230.559218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32230.559218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 32230.559218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32230.559218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  14                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   122880                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         16                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  316                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 316                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4581                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4581                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         5942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         3852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         3852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    9794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          358                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        20595                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       122928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       122928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   143523                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              5020000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                 6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              448000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              156000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy            10017308                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             3281000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy             1932000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1910                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                5.066931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1910                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2793530244000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     5.066931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.316683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.316683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                17334                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               17334                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                6                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       743996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       743996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide    228811312                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total    228811312                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       743996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total       743996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       743996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total       743996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 123999.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123999.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 119172.558333                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119172.558333                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 123999.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123999.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 123999.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123999.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     4.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1904                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1904                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       443996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       443996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide    132811312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132811312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       443996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       443996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       443996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       443996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 73999.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73999.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 69172.558333                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69172.558333                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 73999.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73999.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 73999.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73999.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1188223                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3964.345771                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    11782091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1188223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      9.915724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              2467195255000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      909.710468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        87.603377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data       640.008757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        76.140589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       628.941191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst        84.012889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data      1038.385889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst        72.583213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data       426.959397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.222097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.021388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.156252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.018589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.153550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.020511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.253512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.017721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.104238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.967858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4041                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1885                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986572                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 113900310                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                113900310                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           937658                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                937658                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              854                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              162                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              213                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              236                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 1465                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            442                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             69                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             89                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data            166                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                766                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data             89947                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data             90147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data             98907                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data             80056                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                359057                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst         225346                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst         213893                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst         249990                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst         160516                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             849745                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       1789177                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       1767128                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       1611806                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data       1466183                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           6634294                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst               225346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data              1879124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst               213893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data              1857275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst               249990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data              1710713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst               160516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data              1546239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7843096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst              225346                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data             1879124                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst              213893                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data             1857275                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst              249990                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data             1710713                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst              160516                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data             1546239                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7843096                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           4641                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           3403                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           3968                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data           1013                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              13025                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          249                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           70                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data          119                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total              542                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           25323                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           28573                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          233759                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           15483                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              303138                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        70785                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst        65988                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst        72103                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst        70056                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           278932                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       179399                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data       180179                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data       312657                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data       152008                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          824243                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              70785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             204722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              65988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data             208752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              72103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data             546416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst              70056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data             167491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1406313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             70785                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            204722                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             65988                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data            208752                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             72103                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data            546416                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst             70056                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data            167491                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1406313                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     42199000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     38898000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     34984500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      4892500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    120974000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       122000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        61000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       673000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       249000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1105000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1749420000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2123539000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  17920362000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    894514500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   22687835500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5381207500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4807510500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5327574000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   5372800000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total  20889092000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14075907000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  14074196500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  24437194500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  11925317000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  64512615000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5381207500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15825327000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4807510500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  16197735500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5327574000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  42357556500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   5372800000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data  12819831500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     108089542500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5381207500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15825327000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4807510500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  16197735500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5327574000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  42357556500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   5372800000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data  12819831500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    108089542500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       937658                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            937658                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         5495                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         3565                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         4181                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1249                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            14490                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          691                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          173                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          159                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data          285                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           1308                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        115270                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        118720                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        332666                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         95539                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            662195                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       296131                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       279881                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       322093                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       230572                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        1128677                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1968576                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1947307                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data      1924463                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data      1618191                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       7458537                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst           296131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          2083846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst           279881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          2066027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst           322093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          2257129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst           230572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data          1713730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              9249409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst          296131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         2083846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst          279881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         2066027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst          322093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         2257129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst          230572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data         1713730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             9249409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.844586                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.954558                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.949055                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.811049                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.898896                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.360347                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.601156                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.440252                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.417544                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.414373                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.219684                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.240676                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.702684                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.162059                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.457778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.239033                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.235772                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.223858                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.303836                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.247132                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.091131                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.092527                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.162465                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.093937                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.110510                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.239033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.098242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.235772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.101040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.223858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.242085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.303836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.097735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.152044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.239033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.098242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.235772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.101040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.223858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.242085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.303836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.097735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.152044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  9092.652446                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11430.502498                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  8816.658266                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4829.713722                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9287.831094                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   489.959839                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   586.538462                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9614.285714                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  2092.436975                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2038.745387                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69084.231726                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74319.777412                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 76661.698587                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 57773.977911                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74843.257856                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76021.861976                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72854.314421                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 73888.381898                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 76692.931369                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74889.550141                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78461.457422                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78112.302211                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78159.754939                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 78451.903847                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78268.926761                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76021.861976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77301.545510                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72854.314421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77593.199107                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 73888.381898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77518.880304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 76692.931369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 76540.420082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76860.231328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76021.861976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77301.545510                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72854.314421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77593.199107                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 73888.381898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77518.880304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 76692.931369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 76540.420082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76860.231328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               344085                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    344085                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        34357                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        37498                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        34278                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst        32232                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total        138365                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        17646                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        20387                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        18049                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data        18942                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total        75024                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           34357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           17646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           37498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           20387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           34278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data           18049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           32232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           18942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total              213389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          34357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          17646                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          37498                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          20387                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          34278                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          18049                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          32232                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          18942                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total             213389                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       121128                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        121128                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4641                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3403                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         3968                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1013                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         13025                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          249                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           70                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          119                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          542                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        25323                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        28573                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       233759                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        15483                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         303138                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        36428                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        28490                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        37825                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        37824                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total       140567                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       161753                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       159792                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       294608                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       133066                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       749219                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         36428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        187076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         28490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        188365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         37825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        528367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         37824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        148549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1192924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        36428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       187076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        28490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       188365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        37825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       528367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        37824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       148549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1192924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data          608                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          762                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data          590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2661                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          969                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data          608                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          804                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data          590                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         2971                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     95972995                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     70426989                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     82064985                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     20916497                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    269381466                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5139000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2154000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1442500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2458500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11194000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1496190000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1837809000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  15582772000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    739684500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19656455500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2656745000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2005716000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2675339500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   2715740000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10053540500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11304779500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  11192038000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  20363981000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   9347351000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  52208149500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2656745000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12800969500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2005716000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  13029847000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2675339500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  35946753000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   2715740000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  10087035500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  81918145500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2656745000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12800969500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2005716000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  13029847000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2675339500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  35946753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   2715740000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  10087035500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  81918145500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     57619500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      6491500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     64111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    151256000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    131061500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    159741500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    126983000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    569042000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    208875500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    131061500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    166233000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    126983000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    633153000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.844586                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.954558                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.949055                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.811049                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.898896                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.360347                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.601156                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.440252                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.417544                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.414373                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.219684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.240676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.702684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.162059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.123013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.101793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.117435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.164044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.082168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.082058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.153086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.082231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.123013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.089774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.101793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.091173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.117435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.234088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.164044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.086682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.128973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.123013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.089774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.101793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.091173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.117435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.234088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.164044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.086682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.128973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20679.378367                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20695.559506                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20681.699849                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20648.072063                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20681.878388                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20638.554217                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20711.538462                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20607.142857                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20659.663866                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20653.136531                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59084.231726                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64319.777412                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 66661.698587                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 47773.977911                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64843.257856                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72931.398924                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 70400.702001                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 70729.398546                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 71799.386633                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71521.342136                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69889.148888                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70041.291179                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 69122.294710                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 70245.975681                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69683.429678                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72931.398924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68426.572623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 70400.702001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69173.397393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 70729.398546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 68033.683027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 71799.386633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 67903.759029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68670.045619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72931.398924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68426.572623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 70400.702001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69173.397393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 70729.398546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 68033.683027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 71799.386633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 67903.759029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68670.045619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214998.134328                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 154559.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 206809.677419                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215771.754636                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 215561.677632                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 209634.514436                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 215225.423729                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 213845.170988                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215557.791538                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 215561.677632                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 206757.462687                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 215225.423729                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 213111.073713                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             890102                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               2661                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              2661                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            345989                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           799705                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            32009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           6855                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           22412                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            294572                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           294293                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        889792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         5750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         5750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3573448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      3579390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3585140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       121856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       121856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        20595                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     97798976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     97819571                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                97941427                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            16792                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2373856                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 2373856    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2373856                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             5962498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          3831986867                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            3350598                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         6353969693                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                310                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           8636347                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate           29                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              2661                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             2661                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1283658                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4646233                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           24629                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          7621                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          32250                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          641                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp          641                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           695812                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          695812                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1128677                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      7507395                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       684236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5311225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       629120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5271073                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       799854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5895008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       490569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4294580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              23375665                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     18952384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    144949943                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17912384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    144187200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20613952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    171716684                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14756608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    118903728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              651992883                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1291632                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         19812462                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            7.060168                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.237797                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7               18620392     93.98%     93.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                1192070      6.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           19812462                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        10249448471                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         461558446                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3167417993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy         438666692                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy        3151645190                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy         500350362                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy        3427932652                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy         362150760                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy        2620598597                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.004237                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4236825000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2952223411500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              478107693                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                478103846                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2296589709                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 725796                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   882015275                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     882015275                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         139392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         614592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           6272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data           3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         250560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data         548096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst          41856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data         106304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1710912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       139392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst         6272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       250560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        41856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        438080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       647680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          647680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst            2178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            9603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst              98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data              60                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst            3915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data            8564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst             654                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data            1661                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               26733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         10120                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              10120                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst          32900108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         145059567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst           1480354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data            906339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst          59138624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data         129364796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst           9879096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data          25090486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             403819369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst     32900108                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1480354                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst     59138624                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      9879096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        103398181                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       152869189                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            152869189                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       152869189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst         32900108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        145059567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst          1480354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data           906339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst         59138624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data        129364796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst          9879096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data         25090486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            556688558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       26733                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      10120                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     26733                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    10120                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1709376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  647040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1710912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               647680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          116                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              2052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              2013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    4236825000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 26733                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                10120                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   25891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     764                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        10285                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    229.018571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   142.741254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   266.486137                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4579     44.52%     44.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2859     27.80%     72.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          977      9.50%     81.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          478      4.65%     86.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          348      3.38%     89.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          168      1.63%     91.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          133      1.29%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           95      0.92%     93.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          648      6.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        10285                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          610                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      43.760656                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     37.332224                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     29.000964                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-15             28      4.59%      4.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-31           211     34.59%     39.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-47           191     31.31%     70.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-63            71     11.64%     82.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-79            50      8.20%     90.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-95            22      3.61%     93.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           15      2.46%     96.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-127           11      1.80%     98.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-143            5      0.82%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            1      0.16%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-175            2      0.33%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            2      0.33%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::304-319            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           610                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.573770                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.547919                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.946153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              440     72.13%     72.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                6      0.98%     73.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              150     24.59%     97.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               12      1.97%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    262452000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               763245750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  133545000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9826.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28576.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       403.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       152.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    403.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    152.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    20278                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    6257                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 75.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                61.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     114965.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    72.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1962719640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1070928375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              5551275600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1141199280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          32132855040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         235694187180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy          88430721000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           365983886115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            743.920068                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    650091250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     141440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3443611000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1529183880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                834376125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              3650407800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1153699200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          32132855040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         194746431420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         124349805000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           358396758465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            728.498033                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    774503750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     141440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3320036250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                       94927                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       371                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   34062                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                      93668                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      106                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           5                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                      188595                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                       477                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            5                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                   49578                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     165477                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      152                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                 165629                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                         8754073                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     512277                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       512277                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               492469                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      14475                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        51893                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      492469                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3618                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             698812                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            340287                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       189719                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                      95772                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     93947                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              5037437.406207                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              3716635.593793                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.424561                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.575439                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            70021                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                10095      1.97%      1.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   296907     57.90%     59.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     558      0.11%     59.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1172      0.23%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                    227      0.04%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                   99355     19.38%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  94024     18.34%     97.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                 10421      2.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    512759                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      1560                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     384     45.93%     45.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                      3      0.36%     46.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      5      0.60%     46.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.12%     47.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    443     52.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 836                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      382     49.48%     49.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                       3      0.39%     49.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       5      0.65%     50.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.13%     50.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     381     49.35%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  772                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              4153190000     94.92%     94.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3226000      0.07%     95.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4957500      0.11%     95.11% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 983500      0.02%     95.13% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              212924500      4.87%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          4375281500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.994792                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.860045                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.923445                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.33%      0.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      5.78%      6.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.11%      6.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  719     78.41%     84.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     14      1.53%     86.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.11%     86.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     108     11.78%     98.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      1.64%     99.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.33%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   917                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              160                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.600000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.750973                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        4020914000     91.30%     91.30% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           383203000      8.70%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            13115                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          460.959684                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            2018679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13627                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           148.138182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   460.959684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.900312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           390757                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          390757                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data        87408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          87408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        85129                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         85129                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data         1371                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1371                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data         1401                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1401                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       172537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          172537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       172537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         172537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         6162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         7039                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7039                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data           46                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           46                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        13201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         13201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        13201                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        13201                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    305194500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    305194500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    493799000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    493799000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5642000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      5642000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       403000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       403000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    798993500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    798993500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    798993500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    798993500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        93570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        92168                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        92168                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1546                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1546                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1447                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1447                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       185738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       185738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       185738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       185738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.065854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.076371                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.076371                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.113195                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.113195                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031790                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.031790                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.071073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.071073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49528.481013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49528.481013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70151.868163                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70151.868163                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        32240                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        32240                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  8760.869565                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8760.869565                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60525.225362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60525.225362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60525.225362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60525.225362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8513                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             8513                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           46                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        13201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          113                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          113                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          398                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          398                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    299032500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    299032500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    486760000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    486760000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5467000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5467000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       357000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       357000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    785792500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    785792500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    785792500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    785792500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     64822500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     64822500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     25606500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     25606500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     90429000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     90429000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.065854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.076371                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076371                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.113195                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113195                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031790                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031790                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.071073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.071073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48528.481013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48528.481013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69151.868163                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69151.868163                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        31240                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        31240                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7760.869565                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7760.869565                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59525.225362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59525.225362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59525.225362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59525.225362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227447.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227447.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 226606.194690                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226606.194690                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227208.542714                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227208.542714                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             5045                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          508.858439                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            7433286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1337.643693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     2950704376500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   508.858439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.993864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1030572                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1030572                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       507708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         507708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       507708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          507708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       507708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         507708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         5052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         5052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          5052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         5052                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         5052                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    219765500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    219765500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    219765500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    219765500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    219765500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    219765500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       512760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       512760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       512760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       512760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       512760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       512760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 43500.692795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43500.692795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 43500.692795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43500.692795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 43500.692795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43500.692795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         5052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         5052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         5052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    214713500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214713500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    214713500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    214713500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    214713500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    214713500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42500.692795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42500.692795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42500.692795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42500.692795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42500.692795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42500.692795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                        2311                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                       1248                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                        3559                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                       1387                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                   1387                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                         8594168                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                      10957                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                        10957                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                10487                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                        444                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts          834                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                       10487                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads              14309                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes              8329                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                         3565                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                       2311                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                      1254                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              8527912.889317                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              66255.110683                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.007709                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.992291                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                             1500                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                   46      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                     6745     61.56%     61.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                      34      0.31%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                    2388     21.79%     84.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                   1254     11.44%     95.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                   490      4.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                     10957                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       119                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      31     28.44%     28.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      5      4.59%     33.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.92%     33.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                     72     66.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 109                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       31     46.27%     46.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       5      7.46%     53.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      1.49%     55.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      30     44.78%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                   67                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              4276208500     99.51%     99.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2165000      0.05%     99.56% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1521500      0.04%     99.60% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               17299000      0.40%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          4297194000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.416667                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.614679                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                   97     85.84%     85.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     10      8.85%     94.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                       6      5.31%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   113                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  6                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements               68                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          424.337712                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            1817000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          3754.132231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   424.337712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.828785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.828785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             7230                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses            7230                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data         2173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           2173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data         1176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          1176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data           23                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           23                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data         3349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total            3349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data         3349                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total           3349                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data           99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data           27                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           27                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data          126                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          126                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5003500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5003500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1089500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1089500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       649000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       649000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       207000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       207000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data      6093000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      6093000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data      6093000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      6093000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         2272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1203                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1203                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data           38                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           38                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data         3475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         3475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022444                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022444                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.394737                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.394737                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 50540.404040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50540.404040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40351.851852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40351.851852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 49923.076923                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49923.076923                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        13800                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        13800                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 48357.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48357.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 48357.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48357.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           17                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               17                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           27                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4904500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4904500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1062500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1062500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       636000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       636000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       192000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5967000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5967000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5967000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5967000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      1368000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1368000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      1368000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1368000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022444                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022444                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.394737                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.394737                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 49540.404040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49540.404040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39351.851852                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39351.851852                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 48923.076923                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48923.076923                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        12800                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        12800                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 47357.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47357.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 47357.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47357.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       228000                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       228000                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       228000                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       228000                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              175                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          495.491624                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            6142339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              672                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          9140.385417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   495.491624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.967757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.967757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          326                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.970703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses            22091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses           22091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst        10780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          10780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst        10780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total           10780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst        10780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total          10780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     10162000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10162000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     10162000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10162000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     10162000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10162000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        10957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst        10957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total        10957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst        10957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total        10957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57412.429379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57412.429379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57412.429379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57412.429379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57412.429379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57412.429379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      9985000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9985000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      9985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      9985000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9985000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 56412.429379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56412.429379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 56412.429379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56412.429379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 56412.429379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56412.429379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                      198067                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                       336                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  103141                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                     121241                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       27                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          12                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  66091                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                      319308                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                       363                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           12                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  169232                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     507623                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      294                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 507917                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                         8330122                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1035724                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      1035724                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               998286                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1428                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      28185                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       144074                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      998286                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         1428                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            1340492                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            725909                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                 897                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                839                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       319985                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     198638                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    121347                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3540662.389062                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              4789459.610938                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.574957                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.425043                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           179496                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                19637      1.90%      1.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   674034     65.05%     66.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    1575      0.15%     67.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     67.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                    325      0.03%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      1      0.00%     67.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                    142      0.01%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     1      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                     51      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  206788     19.96%     87.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 121634     11.74%     98.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                 11911      1.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   1036099                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      2281                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     712     46.84%     46.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      5      0.33%     47.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.07%     47.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    802     52.76%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                1520                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      712     49.83%     49.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       5      0.35%     50.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.07%     50.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     711     49.76%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1429                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              3918855000     90.30%     90.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                5085000      0.12%     90.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2146000      0.05%     90.47% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              413540000      9.53%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          4339626000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.886534                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.940132                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      9.09%      9.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      9.09%     18.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         4     36.36%     54.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      9.09%     63.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      9.09%     72.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      9.09%     81.82% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      9.09%     90.91% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      9.09%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    11                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.06%      0.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   20      1.25%      1.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.12%      1.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1471     91.59%     93.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     10      0.62%     93.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.06%     93.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                      43      2.68%     96.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  20      1.25%     97.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.31%     97.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 33      2.05%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  1606                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel               64                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 38                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 39                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   38                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.609375                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.754902                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1293639500     50.18%     50.18% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user          1284125500     49.82%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      20                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            11761                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          460.463391                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             354497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12151                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            29.174307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   460.463391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.899343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.899343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.761719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           651100                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          651100                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data       182450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         182450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data       112056                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        112056                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data         6316                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         6316                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data         6531                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6531                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data       294506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          294506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data       294506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         294506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data         9270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data         2623                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2623                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data          266                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          266                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           45                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           45                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data        11893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         11893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data        11893                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        11893                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    573226500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    573226500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    157738500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    157738500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     14695500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     14695500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       480000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       480000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    730965000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    730965000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    730965000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    730965000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data       191720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data       114679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       114679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         6582                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6582                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data         6576                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6576                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       306399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       306399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       306399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       306399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.048352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022873                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022873                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.040413                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.040413                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.006843                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.006843                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.038815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.038815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 61836.731392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61836.731392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60136.675562                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60136.675562                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 55246.240602                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55246.240602                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10666.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10666.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 61461.784243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61461.784243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 61461.784243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61461.784243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7156                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             7156                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         9270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          266                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          266                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           45                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        11893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        11893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        11893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data           10                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    563956500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    563956500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    155115500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155115500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     14429500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14429500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       435000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       435000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    719072000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    719072000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    719072000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    719072000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      2266500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2266500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      2266500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2266500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.048352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022873                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022873                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.040413                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040413                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.006843                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006843                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.038815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.038815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60836.731392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60836.731392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 59136.675562                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59136.675562                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 54246.240602                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54246.240602                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9666.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9666.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60461.784243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60461.784243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60461.784243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60461.784243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data       226650                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       226650                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data       226650                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       226650                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             6020                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.927810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            2097397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           321.095683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   511.927810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2078221                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         2078221                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      1030073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1030073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      1030073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         1030073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      1030073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        1030073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst         6025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         6025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst         6025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          6025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         6025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         6025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    350147000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    350147000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    350147000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    350147000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    350147000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    350147000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      1036098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1036098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      1036098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      1036098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      1036098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      1036098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.005815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.005815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.005815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 58115.684647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58115.684647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 58115.684647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58115.684647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 58115.684647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58115.684647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         6025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         6025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         6025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    344122000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    344122000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    344122000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    344122000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    344122000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    344122000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.005815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.005815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.005815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 57115.684647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57115.684647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 57115.684647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57115.684647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 57115.684647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57115.684647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                       29938                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       326                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                    1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      18650                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       38                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           9                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                    875                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                       48588                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                       364                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                           21                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                    2699                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                      24819                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      125                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                  24944                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                         8605347                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     158076                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       158076                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               152254                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                       3263                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        17604                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      152254                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          297                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             203305                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            114672                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        49701                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      30822                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     18879                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7716323.302034                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              889023.697966                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.103311                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.896689                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            22153                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                 2827      1.78%      1.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                    97603     61.59%     63.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     133      0.08%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                     25      0.02%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   31954     20.17%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  18893     11.92%     95.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                  7023      4.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    158461                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       945                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     146     41.60%     41.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      5      1.42%     43.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.85%     43.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    197     56.13%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 351                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      146     48.83%     48.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       5      1.67%     50.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.00%     51.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     145     48.49%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  299                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              4226581500     98.23%     98.23% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2333500      0.05%     98.28% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                4428500      0.10%     98.39% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               69440000      1.61%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          4302783500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.736041                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.851852                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.23%      0.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     13.55%     13.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      0.93%     14.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  270     63.08%     77.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     11      2.57%     80.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      74     17.29%     97.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.10%     99.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.23%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   428                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              132                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.507576                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.673367                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        2701250000     98.61%     98.61% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            38034000      1.39%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             3015                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          467.263221                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             248185                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            71.461273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   467.263221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.912623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.912623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.894531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           101675                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          101675                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        27764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        17163                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17163                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data          468                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          468                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data          494                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          494                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        44927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           44927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        44927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          44927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data         2202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data         1069                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1069                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data           24                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           24                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data         3271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          3271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data         3271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         3271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     98047000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98047000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     61105500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     61105500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2053000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2053000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       202000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       202000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    159152500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    159152500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    159152500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    159152500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        29966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        18232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data          518                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          518                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data          518                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          518                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        48198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        48198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        48198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        48198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.073483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.073483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.058633                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.058633                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.096525                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.096525                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.046332                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046332                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.067866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.067866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.067866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.067866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 44526.339691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44526.339691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 57161.365762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57161.365762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        41060                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        41060                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  8416.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8416.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 48655.609905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48655.609905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 48655.609905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48655.609905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1511                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1511                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         2202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           24                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         3271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         3271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data            8                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     95845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     60036500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60036500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2003000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2003000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       178000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       178000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    155881500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    155881500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    155881500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    155881500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      1817500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1817500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      1817500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1817500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.073483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.058633                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058633                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.096525                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096525                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.046332                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046332                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.067866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.067866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 43526.339691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43526.339691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 56161.365762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56161.365762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40060                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40060                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  7416.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7416.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 47655.609905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47655.609905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 47655.609905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47655.609905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 227187.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227187.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 227187.500000                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227187.500000                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1598                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          499.804873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs            6263283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          2974.018519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   499.804873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.976181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          486                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           318534                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          318534                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       156849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         156849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       156849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          156849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       156849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         156849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1612                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1612                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst         1612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     71738000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71738000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     71738000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71738000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     71738000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71738000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       158461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       158461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       158461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       158461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       158461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       158461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 44502.481390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44502.481390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 44502.481390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44502.481390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 44502.481390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44502.481390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     70126000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70126000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     70126000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70126000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     70126000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70126000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 43502.481390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43502.481390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 43502.481390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43502.481390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 43502.481390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43502.481390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  285                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 285                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           66                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total          844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                     844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           33                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          377                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total          674                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                      674                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy                63000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              475000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              707000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     26666                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4015.347528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       55489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     30663                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.809640                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      882.785904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       282.298317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data       412.675684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        46.907597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data        24.966451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       701.874205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data      1446.528245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst        98.745652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data       118.565474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.215524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.068920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.100751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.011452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.006095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.171356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.353156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.024108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.028947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.980309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          3997                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          912                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2913                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.975830                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    648332                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   648332                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            17197                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 17197                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              121                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data               75                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  208                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               669                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                 3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data               569                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data               248                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1489                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           2822                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst             69                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           2101                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst            889                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               5881                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2853                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data            31                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data          2668                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data          1139                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              6691                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 2822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 3522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                   69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                   34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 2101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                 3237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                  889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                 1387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    14061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                2822                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                3522                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                  69                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                  34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                2101                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data                3237                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                 889                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data                1387                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   14061                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data              9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data             27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data             16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 79                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            6273                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data               8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data            1862                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             698                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8841                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         2229                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst          108                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         3924                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst          723                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             6984                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         3348                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data           52                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data         6737                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data         1009                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           11146                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               2229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               9621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data                 60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               3924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data               8599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data               1707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  26971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              2229                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              9621                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               108                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data                60                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              3924                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data              8599                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               723                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data              1707                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 26971                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        91500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       488000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        61000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       640500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       183000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       213500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    468148000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       694500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    143038500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     54498500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     666379500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    177447500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      8984500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    312966500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     58310000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    557708500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    264393500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4974000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    535726500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     82309000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    887403000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    177447500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    732541500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      8984500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5668500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    312966500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    678765000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     58310000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    136807500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2111491000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    177447500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    732541500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      8984500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5668500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    312966500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    678765000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     58310000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    136807500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2111491000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17197                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             17197                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          148                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           91                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              287                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          6942                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data            11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data          2431                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data           946                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             10330                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         5051                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst          177                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         6025                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1612                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          12865                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         6201                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data           83                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         9405                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data         2148                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         17837                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             5051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            13143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst              177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data               94                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             6025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data            11836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             1612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data             3094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                41032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            5051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           13143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst             177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data              94                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            6025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data           11836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            1612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data            3094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               41032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.710526                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.900000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.182432                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.175824                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.275261                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.545455                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.909091                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.750000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.903630                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.727273                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.765940                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.737844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.855857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.441299                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.610169                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.651286                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.448511                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.542868                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.539913                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.626506                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.716321                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.469739                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.624881                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.441299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.732025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.610169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.638298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.651286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.726512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.448511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.551713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.657316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.441299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.732025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.610169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.638298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.651286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.726512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.448511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.551713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.657316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  3388.888889                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18074.074074                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  3812.500000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8107.594937                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5083.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        18300                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8895.833333                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74629.045114                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 86812.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 76819.817401                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 78078.080229                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75373.769936                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79608.568865                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 83189.814815                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 79757.008155                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 80650.069156                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79855.168958                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78970.579450                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 95653.846154                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79520.038593                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 81574.826561                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79616.274897                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79608.568865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76139.850327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 83189.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        94475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 79757.008155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78935.341319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 80650.069156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 80144.991213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78287.456898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79608.568865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76139.850327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 83189.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        94475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 79757.008155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78935.341319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 80650.069156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 80144.991213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78287.456898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                10120                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     10120                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           51                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst            9                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           69                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           139                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           45                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst               9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             51                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             28                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             69                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             45                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                225                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         1488                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          1488                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            79                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6273                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1862                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          698                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           8841                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2178                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           98                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         3915                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          654                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6845                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3335                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           52                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         6709                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          964                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        11060                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          2178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          9608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst            98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            60                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          3915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          8571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          1662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             26746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           60                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         3915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         8571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            26746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          113                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          398                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data           10                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data            8                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          422                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       555000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       185500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       556500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       330000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1627000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       123000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       104500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       206000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        62500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       496000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    405418000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       614500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    124418500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     47518500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    577969500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    151939500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      7526500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    273121500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     47176000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    479763500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    229984000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4454000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    466913000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     69628000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    770979000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    151939500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    635402000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      7526500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5068500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    273121500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    591331500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     47176000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    117146500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1828712000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    151939500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    635402000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      7526500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5068500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    273121500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    591331500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     47176000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    117146500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1828712000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     61260000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     61260000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     24303000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      1294500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      2150500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      1723000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     29471000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     85563000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      1294500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      2150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      1723000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     90731000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.710526                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.182432                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.175824                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275261                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.545455                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.909091                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.903630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.727273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.765940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.737844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.431202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.553672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.649793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.405707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.532064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.537816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.626506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.713344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.448790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.620059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.431202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.731036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.553672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.638298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.649793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.724147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.405707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.537169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.651833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.431202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.731036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.553672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.638298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.649793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.724147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.405707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.537169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.651833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20555.555556                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20611.111111                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20611.111111                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        20625                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20594.936709                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        20900                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        20600                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20833.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20666.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64629.045114                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76812.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 66819.817401                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 68078.080229                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65373.769936                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69761.019284                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76801.020408                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 69762.835249                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 72134.556575                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70089.627465                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68960.719640                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 85653.846154                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 69595.021613                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 72228.215768                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69708.770344                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69761.019284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66132.597835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76801.020408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        84475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 69762.835249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 68992.124606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 72134.556575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 70485.258724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68373.289464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69761.019284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66132.597835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76801.020408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        84475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 69762.835249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 68992.124606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 72134.556575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 70485.258724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68373.289464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214947.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214947.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215070.796460                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       215750                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data       215050                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       215375                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 215116.788321                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214982.412060                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       215750                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data       215050                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       215375                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 215002.369668                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 285                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18190                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             10120                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            13836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              186                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             116                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8842                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8828                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         17905                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        77860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        78704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  78704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          674                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2358592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2359266                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2359266                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              206                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             51438                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   51438    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               51438                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              697999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy            91475000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          143428389                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                285                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             31388                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               137                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              137                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            27317                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           34390                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             381                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           130                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            511                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            10377                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10377                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         12866                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        18237                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        13493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        39663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          323                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        17094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        35337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         8919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                119227                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       323264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1386487                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        11328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       385600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1215547                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       103168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       294784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                3727330                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           27306                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           109876                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            7.242692                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.428712                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                  83210     75.73%     75.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                  26666     24.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             109876                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           58870500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           7603932                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          20354481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy            271983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy            206000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           9042987                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy          18113957                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy           2453414                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy           4908448                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
