
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000355                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354513500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2261608824500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              209357937                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                209349232                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              629619255                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 786920                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   117871637                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     117871637                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total               192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        68800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          68800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                  3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1075                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1075                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       180529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       361058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               541587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       180529                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total          180529                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      194068773                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           194068773                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      194068773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       180529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       361058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           194610360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        15424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total             16064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks         6464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total           6464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks          101                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total               101                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       541587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      1263704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     43507511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             45312802                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       18233438                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            18233438                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       18233438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       541587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      1263704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     43507511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            63546240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               138920000     91.89%     91.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12095000      8.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151179500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61937500     75.50%     75.50% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.50%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.413271                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64943                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.931701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    24.610197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   471.803074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.048067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.921490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           130013                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          130013                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25641                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25641                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          570                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          570                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2195                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2195                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           41                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           41                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5061                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5061                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.085744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.078855                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078855                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.067103                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.067103                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3266                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3266                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2482                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.971959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             338072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           136.209508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    26.614630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   485.357329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.051982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.947964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           334575                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          334575                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          163563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         163563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       166046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       166046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       794                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351563000     98.38%     98.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357349000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.44%      5.44% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.75%      6.19% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1018932500     93.81%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2111                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.285254                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              49019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.220748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    87.228818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   370.056437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.170369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.722766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78630                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12768                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12768                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          453                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          453                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          681                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          681                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.048319                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.048319                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1006                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             1006                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.804020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              99894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.780757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   192.369423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   319.434597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.375722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.623896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          273001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357085500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357250000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          273.195308                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   272.045918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.149391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.531340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.533585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.517578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               551034500     98.32%     98.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           560467500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         509942500     87.10%     87.10% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     12.90%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.438198                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             159032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.448689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.290605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   318.147593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.334552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.621382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355487                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355487                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        75991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1134                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1134                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          155871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         155871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.080518                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.080518                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.116822                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.116822                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.076232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.076232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.076232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.076232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8496                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8496                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871187                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             253769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.430679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.381416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.489770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.401136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.598613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           906533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          906533                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         22149                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11324                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1305                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2729                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2693                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           36                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8326                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4272                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2331                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              159                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             64                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             223                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2717                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2717                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3752                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4574                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15059                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  32190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       295616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       531920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       139392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       208152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1175080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                             5896                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             27920                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.200466                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.404273                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   22367     80.11%     80.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    5509     19.73%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      44      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               27920                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34471                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17158                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1281                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             491                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          473                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           18                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10275                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8497                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3421                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3854                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            153                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             279                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4271                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6004                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        38648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  50632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       492288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1367520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1860136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                             3707                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             37707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.077015                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.268403                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   34821     92.35%     92.35% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    2868      7.61%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      18      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               37707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                1192                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           127781.574644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  4270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                1192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                3.582215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 103836.287815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  8824.653087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data 11658.736931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst         1261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1133.880592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.971632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   736.702356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     1.452197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   327.890034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.792208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.067327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.088949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.009621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.008651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.005621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.002502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.974896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       127371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        16982                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       102213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.971764                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              170930                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             170930                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4272                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4272                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1872                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          617                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            2489                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1267                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3749                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1881                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1069                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2950                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               9188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3753                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1267                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1686                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              9188                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          111                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          136                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           50                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          209                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total           227                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1037                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          488                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1525                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1246                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          506                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            1755                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4272                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4272                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          111                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          140                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           50                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2081                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          635                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2716                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3752                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2918                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1557                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4475                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.862069                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.971429                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.100432                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.028346                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.083579                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001576                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.000800                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.355380                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.313423                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.340782                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.249250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.230839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.160376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.249250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.230839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.160376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           1134                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                1134                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                  29                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           57891.362832                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                   115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                  29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                3.965517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 35481.469677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst         7901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  9533.015809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst         2056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  2891.893979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.574513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data    27.408855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.270702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.060280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.072731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.015686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.022063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.441676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        58157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          854                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4540                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        20278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        29251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.443703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              273570                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             273570                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8497                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8497                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5876                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            5876                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5644                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         5645                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        11520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              15792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        11520                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             15792                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          125                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          149                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          151                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          995                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total           995                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          351                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          352                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             1347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1346                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            1347                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8497                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8497                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          124                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          149                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5995                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5997                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.991935                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.992063                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.144812                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.144812                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.058549                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.058696                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.104617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.078593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.104617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.078593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks             24                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                  24                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              1651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1134                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict              60                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             190                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            330                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1335                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         3773                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         5118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total          508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                  5626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        72128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       111168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       183336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         8192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         8232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 191568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                            5298                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples             7746                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.557449                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.496721                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                   3428     44.26%     44.26% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                   4318     55.74%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total               7746                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              1834                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          103                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             481                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           180                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              995                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1834                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         2774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side          510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total         3284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         3793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total         3793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                  7077                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        66816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         8360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        75176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       112448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       112448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 187624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                            1342                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples             4861                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.258794                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.438018                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                   3603     74.12%     74.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                   1258     25.88%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total               4861                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         1450                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.366086                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           80                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         1450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.055172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.322314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     3.336031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.037913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     7.669829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.145145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.208502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.479364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.835380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        17001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        17001                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           59                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total           59                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          125                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          147                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          184                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          196                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1002                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1482                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1186                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         1678                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           59                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           59                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          125                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          147                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          184                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          196                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1002                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1482                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         1678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks           71                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total           71                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements            6                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    11.530125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs            4                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs            6                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.024170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.406357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     2.671093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     2.122308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     4.306197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.126511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.025397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.166943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.132644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.269137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.720633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.562500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses         2138                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses         2138                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total          128                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total          128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements            4                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    10.799682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs            1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs            4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.250000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.418686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     3.776938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     2.297860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     4.306197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.026168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.236059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.143616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.269137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.674980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.500000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses         2120                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses         2120                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total          128                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total          128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         1467                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    13.381695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           75                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         1467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.051125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.850724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     3.323933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.037969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     5.169070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.303170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.207746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.323067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.836356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses        17109                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses        17109                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           71                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total           71                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          125                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          147                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          184                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          196                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1002                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1482                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1186                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         1678                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           71                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           71                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          125                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          147                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          184                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          196                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1002                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1482                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         1678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total           79                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33923                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8139                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28429                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4585                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62352                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12724                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43649                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43743                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  301665                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             165934                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               165934                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160127                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17154                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160127                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       220826                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       112900                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62616                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34127                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28489                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      230978.945317                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      70686.054683                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234320                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765680                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22552                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2862      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            95904     57.76%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35087     21.13%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28769     17.33%     98.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            166046                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23721                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37541                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23252                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23377                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4522810571                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130166                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38649                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24605                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3655350678.774740                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      867459892.225260                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191797                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808203                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2816      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86816     63.90%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25655     18.88%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6410      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135866                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4522810457                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4520456643.881564                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2353813.118436                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82681                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88100                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170781                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161857                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162009                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4523217650                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8515                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433704                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624037                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294555                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171895                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83521                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88374                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1644276917.396229                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2878940732.603771                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636481                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363519                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58289                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9711      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256300     56.81%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85781     19.01%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88441     19.60%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451131                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1605                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           71                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          169                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          138                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          290                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           202                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          201                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1605                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side         3785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total         3785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total          508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total               4293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       111936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       111936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         8232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         8232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              120168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                         5184                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples          6312                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.652725                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.476142                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                2192     34.73%     34.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                4120     65.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total            6312                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000717                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   717293500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2262682621500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              105224151                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                105222041                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              628704160                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 792040                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   120046354                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     120046354                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        43264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       162176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            206144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        43264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        43712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       865280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         865280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          676                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               3221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        13520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             13520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       624570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       356897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     60315617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    226094339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            287391423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       624570                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     60315617                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        60940187                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks     1206312339                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total          1206312339                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks     1206312339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       624570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       356897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     60315617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    226094339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1493703763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        15360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       152064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data          576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide       260416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            430208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        15360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        15488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       360960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         360960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide         4069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               6722                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         5640                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              5640                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       178449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      2319831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     21413829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    211996902                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       803019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide      363053618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            599765647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       178449                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     21413829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        21592277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      503224970                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           503224970                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      503224970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       178449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      2319831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     21413829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    211996902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       803019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide     363053618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1102990617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       517                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     218     42.25%     42.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     72     13.95%     56.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.19%     56.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    225     43.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 516                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      218     42.83%     42.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      72     14.15%     56.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     57.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     218     42.83%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  509                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               887017500     95.98%     95.98% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                5400000      0.58%     96.57% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     96.58% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               31578500      3.42%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           924160500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.968889                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.986434                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  372     83.78%     83.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.23%     84.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      71     15.99%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   444                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               73                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements               43                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          441.411532                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs                257                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               43                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.976744                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   441.411532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.862132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.862132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            58532                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses           58532                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        17985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          17985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        10213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         10213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          502                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          502                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          430                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          430                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        28198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           28198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        28198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          28198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           24                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           24                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           80                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total            80                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           80                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total           80                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        18041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        18041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        10237                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        10237                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          440                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          440                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        28278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        28278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        28278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        28278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.003104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.002344                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002344                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.017613                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.017613                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.002829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.002829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           18                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total               18                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              115                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              17056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           148.313043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           193131                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          193131                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        96393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          96393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        96393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           96393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        96393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          96393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          115                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          115                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        96508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        96508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        96508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        96508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        96508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          115                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              115                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       656                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     167     47.71%     47.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     48.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    182     52.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 350                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      167     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     166     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  334                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               184952500     93.73%     93.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.08%     93.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12211500      6.19%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           197328500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.912088                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.954286                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      3.71%      3.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.53%      4.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  328     87.00%     91.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     91.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      21      5.57%     97.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.39%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   377                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               34                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 21                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.617647                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.750000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          65229000     60.94%     60.94% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            41803000     39.06%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             5114                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          500.403893                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              75065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5114                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            14.678334                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   500.403893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.977351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.977351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.970703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           164053                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          164053                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        41304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          41304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        31732                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         31732                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          526                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          526                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          585                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          585                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        73036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           73036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        73036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          73036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2212                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2212                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           41                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           41                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        44258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        44258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        33944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        33944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          627                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          627                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        78202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        78202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        78202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        78202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.065166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.065166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.161085                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.161085                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.065495                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.065495                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.066060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.066060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2666                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.983450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             386504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2666                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           144.975244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.077286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.906164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           430732                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          430732                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       211364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         211364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       211364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          211364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       211364                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         211364                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       214032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       214032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       214032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       214032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       214032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       214032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2666                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             2666                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      65                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      4527                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    1003     39.66%     39.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     17      0.67%     40.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.04%     40.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1508     59.63%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                2529                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     1002     49.58%     49.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      17      0.84%     50.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.05%     50.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    1001     49.53%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 2021                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               754100500     81.59%     81.59% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1215500      0.13%     81.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.01%     81.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              168809500     18.26%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           924237500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999003                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.663793                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.799130                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         3     12.00%     12.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      4.00%     16.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        4     16.00%     32.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      4.00%     36.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      4.00%     40.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      4.00%     44.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      4.00%     48.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       10     40.00%     88.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      4.00%     92.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      4.00%     96.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      4.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    25                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.13%      0.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  165      5.39%      5.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.16%      5.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2296     74.98%     80.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     88      2.87%     83.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.03%     83.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     215      7.02%     90.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  42      1.37%     91.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.07%     92.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                243      7.94%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.03%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  3062                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              379                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                196                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                195                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  196                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.514512                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.680000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1646033500     96.67%     96.67% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            56771500      3.33%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     165                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            18055                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          484.658584                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             327719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            18055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            18.151149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    36.619161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   448.039423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.071522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.875077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           712823                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          712823                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       184801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         184801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       135216                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        135216                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4055                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4055                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4386                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4386                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       320017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          320017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       320017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         320017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7440                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7440                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          527                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          527                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        18087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         18087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        18087                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        18087                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       195448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       195448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       142656                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       142656                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4582                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4582                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4546                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4546                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       338104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       338104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       338104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       338104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.054475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.054475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.052153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.052153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.115015                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.115015                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.035196                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.035196                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.053495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.053495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        11554                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            11554                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            24418                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            1052250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            24418                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            43.093210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    71.791622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   440.208378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.140218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.859782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2195478                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         2195478                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1061112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1061112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1061112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         1061112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1061112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        1061112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        24418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        24418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        24418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         24418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        24418                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        24418                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1085530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1085530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1085530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      1085530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1085530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      1085530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        24418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            24418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                        63                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                      22     40.74%     40.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      5.56%     46.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                     29     53.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                  54                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                       22     47.83%     47.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      6.52%     54.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                      21     45.65%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                   46                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               400081500     99.01%     99.01% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.09%     99.09% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                3665500      0.91%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           404098500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.724138                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.851852                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      5.17%      5.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                   50     86.21%     91.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      3      5.17%     96.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       2      3.45%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                    58                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                5                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              522                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          419.790526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               3365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.446360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   419.790526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.819903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.819903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.800781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            13920                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           13920                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           2981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2924                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          2924                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           35                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total            5905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total           5905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          251                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          251                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          642                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          642                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3175                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3175                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           50                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           50                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.115955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.115955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.079055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.384615                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.384615                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.300000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.300000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.098060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.098060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.098060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.098060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          303                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              303                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              901                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              58149                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            64.538291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            37975                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           37975                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        17636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          17636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        17636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           17636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        17636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          17636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        18537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        18537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        18537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        18537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        18537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        18537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          901                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              901                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 143                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  1191936                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        148                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  647                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 647                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               19217                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              19217                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        37330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        37330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   39728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          361                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          459                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2755                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1192264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      1192264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  1195019                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                18665                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                18665                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               167985                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              167985                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        18624                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        18624                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           41                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               41                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        18624                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        18624                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           18624                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                18624                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         16128                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         8274                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          639                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1735                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1725                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 431                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               6334                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                290                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               290                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3249                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2387                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1678                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              139                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             51                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             190                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2097                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2097                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           2783                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3120                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1675                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  25136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        12544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7622                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       318336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       535952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                  874454                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            59016                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             75730                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.041846                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.200963                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   72572     95.83%     95.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    3147      4.16%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      11      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               75730                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         88666                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        43917                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        10817                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1701                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1698                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 175                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              37079                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                303                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               303                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11857                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        17430                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3948                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            175                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             470                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7396                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7396                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          25319                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         11585                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        65499                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        53796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         2569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         1867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                 123731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      2629184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1915401                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       106752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        59236                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 4710573                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            42000                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            130700                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.175142                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.380230                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  107816     82.49%     82.49% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   22877     17.50%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                       7      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              130700                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                 428                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           128153.646094                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  1548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                 428                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                3.616822                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 103960.302746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  8815.453708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data 11487.768081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst         1261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1050.145746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   464.297488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst    10.308481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1103.369842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.793154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.067257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.087645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.009621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.008012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.003542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.008418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.977735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       127250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        20142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        99716                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.970840                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              127534                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             127534                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3249                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3249                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2387                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2387                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1834                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1843                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          115                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         2659                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2774                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2085                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2121                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           45                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         2659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               6738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          115                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           45                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         2659                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3919                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              6738                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          121                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          136                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           49                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          254                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total           254                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            9                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           29                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          955                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          984                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             1247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            9                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1209                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            1247                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3249                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3249                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2387                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2387                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          121                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          136                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           49                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2088                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2097                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          115                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2668                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         2783                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           65                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3040                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3105                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           74                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total           7985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           74                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total          7985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.121648                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.121125                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003373                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.003234                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.446154                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.314145                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.316908                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.391892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.235764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.156168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.391892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.235764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.156168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks            421                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                 421                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                 114                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           59743.869243                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                   492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                 114                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                4.315789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 36035.705134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst  7900.258097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  9508.977361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst         2056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  2886.322434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   231.277218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   319.344186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   805.984813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.274931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.060274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.072548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.015686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.022021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.006149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.455810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        63693                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          667                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        17917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        38349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.485939                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              635902                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             635902                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        11857                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11857                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        17430                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        17430                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1841                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1899                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        23502                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        24403                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        10157                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          347                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        10504                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        23502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        11998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              36806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        23502                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        11998                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             36806                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          204                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          215                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          149                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          154                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5307                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          5444                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          916                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          916                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          856                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          867                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             7227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          916                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6163                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            7227                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        11857                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11857                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        17430                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        17430                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          207                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          218                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          150                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          155                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          195                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7343                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        24418                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        25319                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        11013                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          358                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        11371                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        24418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        18161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          44033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        24418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        18161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         44033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.985507                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.986239                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.993548                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.742445                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.702564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.741386                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.037513                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.036178                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.077726                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.030726                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.076247                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.037513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.339354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.267631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.164127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.037513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.339354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.267631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.164127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks             98                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                  98                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                606                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              2577                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               593                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              593                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        19049                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict              55                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             238                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           176                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2769                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2766                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1971                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        18624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        18624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          635                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         2662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         4739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         7337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         8293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        39344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        16651                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        55995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 69027                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        30208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        75328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1750                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       107286                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       222208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1005                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       223213                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       838656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       355904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1194560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1525059                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           18228                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            61039                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.277790                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.447913                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  44083     72.22%     72.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  16956     27.78%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              61039                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              2923                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               303                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              303                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5641                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict               9                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             490                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            584                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11172                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11119                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2748                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         8113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         8292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        16405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        19256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        19256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 35661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       243072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       223021                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       466093                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       783424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       783424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1249517                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           29114                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            49780                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.583106                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.493050                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  20753     41.69%     41.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  29027     58.31%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              49780                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         6386                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.513294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           92                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         6386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.014407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.599032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.586307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.753541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.568625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.724940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.036644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.172096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.035539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.500000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.375000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       106243                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       106243                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5529                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5529                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          131                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          138                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          229                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          229                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          923                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           26                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          965                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide         5504                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total         5504                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         1194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1152                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           26                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         1194                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5529                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5529                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          131                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          138                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          229                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          229                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          923                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           41                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          980                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         5504                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         5504                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         1209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         1209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.634146                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.984694                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.634146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.987593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.634146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.987593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         5536                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         5536                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements          776                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    12.843110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs          776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.367268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.000096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     5.663576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.421428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.758010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.353974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.338839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.109876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.802694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        32749                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        32749                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           64                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           69                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2531                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         2531                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          676                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          255                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          937                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         3468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          676                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2786                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         3468                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           64                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           69                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2531                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2531                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          676                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          255                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          937                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         3468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         3468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements          778                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.288891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs          778                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.354756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.677412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     5.655062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.421428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.534990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.042338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.353441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.338839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.095937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        32749                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        32749                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           64                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           69                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2531                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2531                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          676                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          255                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          937                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         3468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          676                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2786                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         3468                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           64                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           69                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2531                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2531                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          676                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          255                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          937                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         3468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         3468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total            4                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         6396                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.513470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs          132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         6396                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.020638                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.530040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.586307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.013187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.815310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.568625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.720628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.036644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.175957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.035539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.500000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.375000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       111474                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       111474                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          131                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          138                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          229                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide         5504                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         5733                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          923                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           26                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          965                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         5530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         6698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1152                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         5530                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         6698                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          131                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          138                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          229                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         5504                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5733                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          923                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           26                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          965                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         5530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         6698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         5530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         6698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         5543                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         5543                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               18839                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              11035                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               29874                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              10514                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          10514                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 1848465                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts              96508                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps                96508                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses        92719                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               8910                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts         6391                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts               92719                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       117831                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes        71796                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                30019                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              18983                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             11036                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      1724118.328607                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      124346.671393                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.067270                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.932730                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    16546                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass          436      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            61673     63.90%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult              72      0.07%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           20572     21.32%     85.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          11036     11.44%     97.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          2719      2.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total             96508                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               44755                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               129                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           18319                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              34549                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          10411                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               79304                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               147                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           28730                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              87458                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          87579                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                  394211                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             213875                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               213875                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       206680                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           343                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               5389                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        22796                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              206680                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  343                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       283614                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       146978                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          178                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                79635                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              45014                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             34621                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      335364.046867                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      58846.953133                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.149278                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.850722                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    29799                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         3843      1.80%      1.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           125194     58.49%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             160      0.07%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             46      0.02%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           46011     21.50%     81.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          34902     16.31%     98.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          3873      1.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            214032                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits              198539                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               752                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           18285                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits             147204                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              182                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   8                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          11052                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              345743                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               934                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   20                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           29337                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             150892                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              493                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         151385                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 1848551                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts            1084576                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps              1084576                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses      1041711                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          2965                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls              35461                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts       110474                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts             1041711                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 2965                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads      1426724                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       769327                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         1308                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         1331                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               348860                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts             200965                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts            147895                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      449214.706789                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      1399336.293211                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.756991                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.243009                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                   156923                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass        19584      1.80%      1.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           679828     62.63%     64.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            2259      0.21%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd            481      0.04%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt             11      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             2      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              6      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead          209128     19.27%     83.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite         148316     13.66%     97.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         25915      2.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total           1085530                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                3411                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 3                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              19                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits               3231                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                6642                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 3                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              19                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits                799                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses            799                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                  808202                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts              18534                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                18534                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses        17947                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                796                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts         1848                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts               17947                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads        24801                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        12433                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                 6673                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts               3431                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts              3242                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      797761.643686                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      10440.356314                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.012918                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.987082                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                     2850                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass          209      1.13%      1.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            11212     60.48%     61.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult              38      0.20%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.06%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead            3526     19.02%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite           3247     17.52%     98.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess           294      1.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total             18537                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             175                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2077                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            303                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           303                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5537                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           23                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          220                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          145                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          339                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8267                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8264                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1902                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        19263                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        19263                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         8292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         8292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              27555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       782976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       782976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       223021                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       223021                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1005997                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        40180                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         55393                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.700829                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.457899                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               16572     29.92%     29.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               38821     70.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           55393                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.332523                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1332523374000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3595205995500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1568332                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1568332                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              272220124                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 794088                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4895.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  7677017200                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    7677017200                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       126656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       402112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        54592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       369024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       153472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      1910272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        60736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       291328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           3368192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       126656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        54592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       153472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        60736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       395456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      5644800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        5644800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1979                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         6283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         5766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         2398                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        29848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         4552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              52628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        88200                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             88200                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        95050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       301767                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        40969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       276936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       115174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      1433575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst        45580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       218629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              2527679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        95050                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        40969                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       115174                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        45580                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total          296772                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        4236173                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             4236173                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        4236173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        95050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       301767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        40969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       276936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       115174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      1433575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst        45580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       218629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             6763853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        11264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data     20212160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data     17883968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        14656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     34633792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         6208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data     18861568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      7606272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          99233024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        11264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        14656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         6208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        35264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     62171392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       62171392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       315815                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data       279437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       541153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           97                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data       294712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide       118848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1550516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       971428                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            971428                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst         8453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     15168334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst         2353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     13421129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst        10999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     25991133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst         4659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     14154775                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide        5708172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             74470006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         8453                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         2353                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        10999                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         4659                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total           26464                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       46656887                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            46656887                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       46656887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst         8453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     15168334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst         2353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     13421129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst        10999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     25991133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst         4659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     14154775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide       5708172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           121126893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     504                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                  11945203                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                 3831989     49.91%     49.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     49      0.00%     49.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1365      0.02%     49.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     45      0.00%     49.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                3843638     50.07%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total             7677086                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                  3831784     49.99%     49.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      49      0.00%     49.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1365      0.02%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      45      0.00%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                 3831758     49.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total              7665001                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1233385159500     92.56%     92.56% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3675000      0.00%     92.56% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               66885000      0.01%     92.57% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                7056500      0.00%     92.57% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            99060632500      7.43%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1332523408500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999947                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.996909                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.998426                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      5.00%      5.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        7     35.00%     40.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        2     10.00%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                       10     50.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    20                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   76      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   76      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl              3850725     50.15%     50.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   2747      0.04%     50.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                 3824904     49.81%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  54      0.00%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                569      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total               7679151                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel          3824977                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user            3823742                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel            3823741                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user              3823742                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999677                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999838                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      924655926000     69.34%     69.34% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        408815259500     30.66%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      76                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          3764918                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          498.933593                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          604606181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3764918                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           160.589469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   498.933593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.974480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.970703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1248762932                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1248762932                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    351988863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      351988863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    246068811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     246068811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        20201                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20201                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        22598                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        22598                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data    598057674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       598057674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data    598057674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      598057674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     10550370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     10550370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      9386570                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      9386570                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6630                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6630                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4137                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4137                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     19936940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      19936940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     19936940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     19936940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    362539233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    362539233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    255455381                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    255455381                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        26831                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        26831                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        26735                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        26735                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    617994614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    617994614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    617994614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    617994614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.029101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.036744                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036744                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.247102                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.247102                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.154741                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.154741                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.032261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.032261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2095445                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          2095445                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           311575                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1543932392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           311575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          4955.251198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3462256789                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      3462256789                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1730661032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1730661032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1730661032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1730661032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1730661032                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1730661032                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       311575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       311575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       311575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        311575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       311575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       311575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1730972607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1730972607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1730972607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1730972607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1730972607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1730972607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       311575                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           311575                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     551                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                  11959902                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                 3821807     49.93%     49.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1365      0.02%     49.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     49      0.00%     49.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                3830616     50.05%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total             7653837                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                  3821602     49.99%     49.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1365      0.02%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      49      0.00%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                 3821568     49.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total              7644584                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1234526592500     92.61%     92.61% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               66885000      0.01%     92.61% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                8201500      0.00%     92.62% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            98439939000      7.38%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1333041618000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999946                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.997638                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.998791                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::73                        8    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     8                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   30      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   78      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl              3837379     50.12%     50.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   2743      0.04%     50.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                 3815044     49.83%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  29      0.00%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                507      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total               7655812                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel          3814539                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user            3813868                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                583                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel            3813886                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user              3813868                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   18                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999829                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.030875                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999840                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      454317001500     34.08%     34.08% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        374768710500     28.11%     62.19% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        504046140500     37.81%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      78                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          2953429                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          501.333674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          588416888                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2953429                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           199.231770                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   501.333674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.979167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          490                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.957031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1214482396                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1214482396                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    341439432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      341439432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    240772053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     240772053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        14155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        14155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        15564                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15564                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data    582211485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       582211485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data    582211485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      582211485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      9916502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      9916502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      9153861                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      9153861                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5536                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5536                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4065                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4065                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     19070363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      19070363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     19070363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     19070363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    351355934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    351355934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    249925914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    249925914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        19691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        19629                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19629                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    601281848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    601281848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    601281848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    601281848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.028224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.036626                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036626                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.281144                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.281144                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.207092                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.207092                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.031716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.031716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1620184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          1620184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           274043                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1268285073                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           274043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          4628.051339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3318320241                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      3318320241                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   1658749056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1658749056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   1658749056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1658749056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   1658749056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1658749056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       274043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       274043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       274043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        274043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       274043                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       274043                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   1659023099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1659023099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   1659023099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1659023099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   1659023099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1659023099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       274043                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           274043                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     376                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                  22378344                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                 4031765     49.92%     49.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     84      0.00%     49.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   1365      0.02%     49.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     55      0.00%     49.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                4042988     50.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total             8076257                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                  4031540     49.99%     49.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      84      0.00%     49.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    1365      0.02%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      55      0.00%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                 4031517     49.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total              8064561                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1227887361000     92.15%     92.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6006000      0.00%     92.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               66885000      0.01%     92.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                8362500      0.00%     92.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31           104554533000      7.85%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1332523147500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999944                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.997163                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.998552                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                      1970     97.72%     97.72% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         1      0.05%     97.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        3      0.15%     97.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      0.05%     97.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       32      1.59%     99.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        6      0.30%     99.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        3      0.15%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                  2016                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   45      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   98      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl              4053675     22.63%     22.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   3182      0.02%     22.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                 4021086     22.45%     45.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                2042      0.01%     45.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     45.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique            9834313     54.90%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total              17914443                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel          4021185                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user            4020305                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel            4020306                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user              4020305                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999781                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999891                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      571216052500     42.87%     42.87% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        761306750500     57.13%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      98                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          4012724                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          505.800224                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          920012423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4012724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           229.273786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   505.800224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.987891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          489                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.955078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1881404313                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1881404313                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    535345678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      535345678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    338535974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     338535974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     19709047                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total     19709047                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     19717708                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total     19717708                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data    873881652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       873881652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data    873881652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      873881652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     10901518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     10901518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      9857286                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      9857286                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12603                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        12603                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3858                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3858                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     20758804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      20758804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     20758804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     20758804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    546247196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    546247196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    348393260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    348393260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     19721650                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total     19721650                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     19721566                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total     19721566                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    894640456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    894640456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    894640456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    894640456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.019957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.028294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000639                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000639                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000196                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.023204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.023204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2639436                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          2639436                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           480448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         2104273765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           480448                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          4379.815849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       4991960704                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      4991960704                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   2495259680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     2495259680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   2495259680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      2495259680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   2495259680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     2495259680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       480448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       480448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       480448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        480448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       480448                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       480448                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   2495740128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   2495740128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   2495740128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   2495740128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   2495740128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   2495740128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       480448                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           480448                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     833                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                  12176407                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                 3918073     49.93%     49.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   1365      0.02%     49.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     82      0.00%     49.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                3926991     50.05%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total             7846511                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                  3917896     49.99%     49.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    1365      0.02%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      82      0.00%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                 3917894     49.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total              7837237                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1231821983500     92.41%     92.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               66885000      0.01%     92.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                9412500      0.00%     92.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31           101143777500      7.59%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1333042058500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999955                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.997683                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.998818                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::73                        8    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     8                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   39      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   89      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl              3933447     50.12%     50.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   2739      0.03%     50.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                 3911648     49.84%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  45      0.00%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                449      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total               7848456                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel          3911737                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user            3910548                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel            3910548                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user              3910548                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999696                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999848                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      955699335500     71.67%     71.67% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        377813423000     28.33%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      89                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          2913531                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.562606                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          601675909                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2913531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           206.510900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   489.562606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.956177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.956177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          355                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1240690929                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1240690929                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    348726423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      348726423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    246540180                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     246540180                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        14584                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        14584                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        16035                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16035                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data    595266603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       595266603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data    595266603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      595266603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      9873356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      9873356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      9245154                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      9245154                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5531                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5531                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         4001                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4001                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data     19118510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total      19118510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data     19118510                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total     19118510                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    358599779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    358599779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    255785334                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    255785334                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        20115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        20036                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20036                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    614385113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    614385113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    614385113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    614385113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.027533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.036144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.274969                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.274969                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.199691                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.199691                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.031118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.031118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1641074                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total          1641074                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           294151                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         1233029742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           294151                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          4191.825770                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3377474701                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      3377474701                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   1688296124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1688296124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   1688296124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      1688296124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   1688296124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     1688296124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       294151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       294151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       294151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        294151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       294151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       294151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   1688590275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1688590275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   1688590275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   1688590275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   1688590275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   1688590275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks       294151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total           294151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                1003                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  8232960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                       1007                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1730                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1730                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              136435                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             136435                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        12282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        18516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       257814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       257814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  276330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        49128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          866                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         2268                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        53106                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      8235096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      8235096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  8288202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               128907                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               128907                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1160163                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1160163                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       128640                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       128640                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          267                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              267                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       128640                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       128640                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          128640                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               128640                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests      46917254                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     22934569                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      5867547                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        22374040                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     21922315                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       451725                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 298                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           21064954                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               3129                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              3129                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3715629                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean       252158                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2411072                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         14512837                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           8202                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        14521039                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4027594                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4027594                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         585618                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      20479038                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       758348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     43267497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       665046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     40921400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               85612291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     28593472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    944782145                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     25024192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    861467168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total              1859866977                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         52924021                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          78768682                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.452864                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.509218                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                43550702     55.29%     55.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                34764817     44.14%     99.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                  452805      0.57%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                     358      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            78768682                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      48378760                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     23673467                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      6101653                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        21774057                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     21314158                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       459899                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                1165                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           21568772                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               4666                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              4666                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4280510                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       391766                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2196573                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         14818078                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           7859                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        14825937                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4284362                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4284362                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         774599                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      20793008                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1226205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     45315273                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       714759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     40980086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               88236323                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     47728448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   1016106165                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     26918912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    862826652                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              1953580177                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         50748601                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          78057601                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.455880                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.509789                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                42934198     55.00%     55.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                34662232     44.41%     99.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                  460869      0.59%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                     300      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            78057601                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements              661112                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           128554.216397                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs              11931667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs              661112                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               18.047875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 80763.968475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  3554.029728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  4537.073063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   523.662522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   415.663668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   344.426045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data 19169.545461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   132.881466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data 19112.965964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.616180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.027115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.034615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.003995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.003171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.146252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.145820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.980791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       130714                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       125176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997269                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses           299227476                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses          299227476                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3715629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      3715629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       252158                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total       252158                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total             23                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       605474                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       461713                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total         1067187                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       309420                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       273141                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       582561                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      2872904                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2273791                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      5146695                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       309420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      3478378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       273141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2735504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            6796443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       309420                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      3478378                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       273141                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2735504                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           6796443                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      5024467                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4977155                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total     10001622                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3470                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3378                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         6848                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1075520                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1026773                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total       2102293                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2155                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          902                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         3057                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      5209136                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      5166078                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     10375214                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      6284656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      6192851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total         12480564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2155                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      6284656                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          902                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      6192851                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total        12480564                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3715629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3715629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       252158                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total       252158                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      5024484                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      4977161                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total     10001645                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3476                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3378                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         6854                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1680994                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1488486                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      3169480                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       311575                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       274043                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       585618                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      8082040                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      7439869                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     15521909                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       311575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      9763034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       274043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      8928355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total       19277007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       311575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      9763034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       274043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      8928355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total      19277007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999997                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999999                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999998                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998274                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999125                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.639812                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.689810                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.663293                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006916                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003291                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.005220                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.644532                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.694378                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.668424                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.643720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.693616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.647433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.643720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.693616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.647433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks         446692                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total              446692                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements              788553                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           125720.406048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              13264853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs              788553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               16.821765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 65244.567878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst  1219.259082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  1114.829020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   364.580980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   290.200648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   610.593896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data 38749.027398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   224.308040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data 17903.039100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.497777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.009302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.008505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.002782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.002214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.004658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.295632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.136589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.959171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       130292                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          421                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       125409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994049                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           306699974                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          306699974                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4280510                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      4280510                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       391766                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       391766                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             37                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       671285                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       478423                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total         1149708                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       477821                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       293105                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       770926                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      2840213                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2212561                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      5052774                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       477821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      3511498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       293105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2690984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            6973408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       477821                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      3511498                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       293105                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2690984                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           6973408                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5117183                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4873819                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total      9991002                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2871                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3063                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         5934                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1205454                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1038345                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total       2243799                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2627                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1046                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         3673                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5426635                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      5030346                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     10456981                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      6632089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      6068691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total         12704453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2627                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      6632089                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1046                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      6068691                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total        12704453                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4280510                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4280510                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       391766                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       391766                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5117200                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      4873839                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total      9991039                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2874                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3069                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         5943                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1876739                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1516768                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      3393507                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       480448                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       294151                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       774599                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      8266848                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      7242907                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     15509755                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       480448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     10143587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       294151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      8759675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       19677861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       480448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     10143587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       294151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      8759675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      19677861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999997                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999996                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999996                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998956                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998045                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998486                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.642313                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.684577                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.661204                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.005468                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.003556                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.004742                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.656433                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.694520                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.674220                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.005468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.653821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.003556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.692799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.645622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.005468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.653821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.003556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.692799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.645622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks         484378                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total              484378                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp          20401784                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              7795                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             7795                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       601399                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          224023                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        29357288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         10961                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       20028420                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq          5577488                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3828652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     20400321                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       128640                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       128640                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     48919916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      2084640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         6854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     51011410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     49294876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        11662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     49306538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        27472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       359249                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       386721                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total             100704669                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    755970432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     69476480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        24609                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    825471521                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    755446848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        28497                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total    755475345                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       586752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      7663296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      8250048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total             1589196914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         3481126                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         59709962                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.056724                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.231314                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2               56322986     94.33%     94.33% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                3386976      5.67%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           59709962                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq               1165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp          10829172                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              4666                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             4666                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       997559                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          475823                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        14889275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         12559                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       10071607                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3559977                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2668959                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     10828007                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      2592309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     49316158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     51908467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      2434968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      2434968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              54343435                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     87411456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side    755481873                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    842893329                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     84784768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     84784768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              927678097                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                        48392026                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         58098698                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.470025                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499101                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               30790869     53.00%     53.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2               27307829     47.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           58098698                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements       857469                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.734939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs        22671                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs       857469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.026439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.161616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.041904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     2.840231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.674981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.015933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.635101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.177514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.167186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.983434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses     13807321                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses     13807321                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       513199                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       513199                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           12                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        42632                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9290                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        51922                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1610                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2071                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         3681                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       180685                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       144056                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total       324741                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          176                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       193293                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       173582                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          257                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       367357                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide       119488                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total       119488                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       373978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       317638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total       692098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          176                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       373978                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       317638                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          257                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total       692098                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       513199                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       513199                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        42632                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9290                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        51922                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1610                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2071                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         3681                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       180686                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       144056                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       324742                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          176                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       193294                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       173582                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          267                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       367368                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       119488                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       119488                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       373980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       317638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total       692110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       373980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       317638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total       692110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999994                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999997                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999995                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.962547                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999970                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.962547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.962547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       513191                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       513191                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements        51748                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    12.808364                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs      9339759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs        51748                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs   180.485410                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.982448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.342469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.669390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.284226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.529831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.436403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.021404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.166837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.017764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.158114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.800523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses    186350801                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses    186350801                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        26131                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        26131                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           13                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5115911                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4872144                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total      9988055                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1093                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1152                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         2245                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       897426                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       858602                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total      1756028                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2398                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5144955                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          949                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4873485                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     10021787                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      6042381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      5732087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total     11777815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2398                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      6042381                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          949                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      5732087                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total     11777815                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        26131                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        26131                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5115911                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      4872144                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total      9988055                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1093                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1152                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2245                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       897437                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       858603                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1756040                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2398                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5144955                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          949                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      4873486                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     10021788                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      6042392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      5732089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total     11777828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      6042392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      5732089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total     11777828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999988                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999999                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999993                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     1.000000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     1.000000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     1.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     1.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks        26108                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total        26108                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements        51882                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    12.954492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs      9339767                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs        51882                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs   180.019409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.031202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.301476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.810042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.230825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.580947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.439450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.018842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.175628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.014427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.161309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.809656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses    186350466                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses    186350466                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        26108                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        26108                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           20                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total           23                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5115912                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4872144                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total      9988056                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1093                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1152                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         2245                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       897408                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       858600                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total      1756008                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2398                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5144952                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          949                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4873484                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     10021783                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      6042360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      5732084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total     11777791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2398                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      6042360                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          949                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      5732084                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total     11777791                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        26108                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        26108                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5115912                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      4872144                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total      9988056                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1093                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1152                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2245                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       897425                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       858602                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1756027                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2398                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5144955                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          949                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      4873485                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     10021787                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      6042380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      5732087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total     11777814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      6042380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      5732087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total     11777814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999981                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999998                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999989                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999999                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     1.000000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     1.000000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        26067                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        26067                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements       857465                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.736338                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs        22594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs       857465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.026350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.212546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.031490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     2.816543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.659520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.015933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.638284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.176034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.166220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.983521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses     13926436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses     13926436                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       513191                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       513191                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        42632                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9290                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        51922                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1610                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2071                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         3681                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       180684                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       144056                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide       119488                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       444228                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          176                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       193291                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       173580                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          257                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       367353                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       373975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       317636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       119745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total       811581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          176                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       373975                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       317636                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       119745                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total       811581                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       513191                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       513191                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        42632                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9290                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        51922                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1610                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2071                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         3681                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       180685                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       144056                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       119488                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       444229                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          176                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       193293                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       173582                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          257                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       367357                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       373978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       317638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       119745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total       811586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       373978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       317638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       119745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total       811586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999994                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999998                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999990                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999988                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999989                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks       513181                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total       513181                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits           362509877                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses            246734                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses       139452665                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits          259307010                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses           195762                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       51277227                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits           621816887                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses            442496                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses       190729892                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits         1005663333                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              278                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses     1005663611                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              2665047252                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts         1726708290                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps           1726708290                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses   1638201526                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses        753624                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls           10607174                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts    177985483                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts          1638201526                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts               753624                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads   2271089601                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes   1205006407                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads       350674                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes       350157                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs            625714302                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts          365548502                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts         260165800                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      934074543.646662                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      1730972708.353338                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.649509                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.350491                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                218094157                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     51067010      2.95%      2.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        960591262     55.49%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult          518593      0.03%     58.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     58.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd         402854      0.02%     58.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp            554      0.00%     58.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt         104145      0.01%     58.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             8      0.00%     58.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv          34715      0.00%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead       365590840     21.12%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite      260170267     15.03%     94.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess      92492359      5.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total        1730972607                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits           351294874                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses            286169                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses       129067608                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits          253760367                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses           203926                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses       46786225                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits           605055241                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses            490095                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses       175853833                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits          937124979                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              183                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses      937125162                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              2666083829                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts         1654720606                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps           1654720606                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses   1572661089                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses        631200                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls           10490942                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts    169348184                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts          1572661089                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts               631200                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads   2176943613                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes   1153944086                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads       365440                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes       365480                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs            608997618                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts          354381526                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts         254616092                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      1006415502.964618                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      1659668326.035382                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.622512                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.377488                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                208642848                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass     45348223      2.73%      2.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu        910997134     54.91%     57.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult          509636      0.03%     57.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     57.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd         264480      0.02%     57.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     57.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt         109236      0.01%     57.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     57.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv          36412      0.00%     57.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     57.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     57.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     57.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     57.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     57.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     57.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     57.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     57.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     57.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead       354411334     21.36%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite      254617346     15.35%     94.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess      92729298      5.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total        1659023099                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           556062484                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses            227645                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses       319584111                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits          372137108                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses           219440                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses      152105750                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits           928199592                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses            447085                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses       471689861                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits         1720329015                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              274                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses     1720329289                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              2665047124                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts         2491277997                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps           2491277997                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses   2330708966                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses        819298                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls           31121467                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts    275007601                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts          2330708966                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts               819298                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   3154022811                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes   1708109687                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads       478962                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes       479002                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs            942112046                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          569024956                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts         373087090                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      169306741.328630                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2495740382.671370                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.936471                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.063529                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                346669695                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     82055199      3.29%      3.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu       1343772722     53.84%     57.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          601017      0.02%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     57.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd         338800      0.01%     57.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     57.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt         143211      0.01%     57.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     57.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv          47737      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       588789988     23.59%     80.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite      373091909     14.95%     95.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess     106899545      4.28%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total        2495740128                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits           358551552                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses            236563                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses       130667533                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits          259717076                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses           181050                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses       47225290                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits           618268628                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses            417613                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses       177892823                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits          947876372                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              213                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses      947876585                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              2666084992                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts         1684263953                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps           1684263953                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses   1600641552                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses        765711                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls           10825026                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts    172351490                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts          1600641552                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts               765711                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads   2214072376                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes   1173072490                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads       450378                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes       450402                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs            622211068                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts          361613142                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts         260597926                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      976837499.355800                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      1689247492.644200                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.633606                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.366394                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                212602422                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass     46044410      2.73%      2.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu        925039696     54.78%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult          547268      0.03%     57.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     57.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd         313797      0.02%     57.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     57.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt         134631      0.01%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv          44877      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead       361643039     21.42%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite      260599539     15.43%     94.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess      94223018      5.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total        1688590275                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1165                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       10390309                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           4666                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          4666                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       539299                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       218926                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq     14866991                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         7474                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp     10045904                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       3091141                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      2200256                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     10389144                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      2443832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      2443832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     49316109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     49316109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total           51759941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     84785728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     84785728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side    755479505                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total    755479505                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total           840265233                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                     50963960                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples      58904394                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.505660                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.499968                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1            29118806     49.43%     49.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2            29785588     50.57%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total        58904394                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.002154                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  2154109500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3597360105000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                             2675512679                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                               2675491043                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              750283645                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 794088                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  7681436005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    7681436005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        32512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       210048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        65792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        44864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        42624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data        12416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        85120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        46720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            540096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        32512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        65792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        42624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        85120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       226048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        11648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          11648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         3282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1028                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          701                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          666                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               8439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          182                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               182                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     15093012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     97510363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     30542551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     20827168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     19787295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      5763867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst     39515169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     21688777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            250728201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     15093012                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     30542551                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     19787295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst     39515169                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       104938027                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        5407339                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             5407339                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        5407339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     15093012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     97510363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     30542551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     20827168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     19787295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      5763867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst     39515169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     21688777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           256135540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        13248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       109952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        43200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       178176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data        74496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       410624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            835456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        13248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        43200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        62208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       467520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         467520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1718                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          675                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         2784                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         1164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         6416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              13054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         7305                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              7305                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      6150105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     51042902                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     20054691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     82714458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2139167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     34583200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       534792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    190623550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            387842865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      6150105                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     20054691                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2139167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       534792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        28878755                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      217036321                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           217036321                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      217036321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      6150105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     51042902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     20054691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     82714458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      2139167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     34583200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       534792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    190623550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           604879186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     12243                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    5475     47.18%     47.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    291      2.51%     49.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.02%     49.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     49.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   5836     50.29%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               11605                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     5475     48.70%     48.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     291      2.59%     51.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.02%     51.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     51.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    5474     48.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                11243                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               874924500     44.94%     44.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               21825000      1.12%     46.06% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     46.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.01%     46.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1049744500     53.92%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1946756500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.937971                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.968807                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                        22     73.33%     73.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        8     26.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    30                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   54      0.46%      0.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   18      0.15%      0.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                10981     94.26%     94.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     66      0.57%     95.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     330      2.83%     98.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  33      0.28%     98.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                168      1.44%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 11650                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              349                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 36                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 37                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   36                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.106017                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.189610                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1624104500     96.95%     96.95% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            51071000      3.05%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      18                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            16213                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          494.942764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1672353                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            16649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           100.447655                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   494.942764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.966685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.966685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          435                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1762877                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1762877                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       556879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         556879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       275278                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        275278                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        11859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        11859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        12018                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12018                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       832157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          832157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       832157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         832157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          671                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          671                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          263                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          263                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        16160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         16160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        16160                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        16160                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       569147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       569147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       279170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       279170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12530                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        12530                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12281                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        12281                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       848317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       848317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       848317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       848317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.021555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.013941                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013941                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.053551                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.053551                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.021415                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.021415                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.019049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.019049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            12863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             6318                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          190227427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         27851.746266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6749456                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6749456                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      3365251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3365251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      3365251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         3365251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      3365251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        3365251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         6318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         6318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         6318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          6318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         6318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         6318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      3371569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3371569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      3371569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      3371569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      3371569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      3371569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         6318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             6318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      21                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      1350                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     413     47.75%     47.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.23%     47.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     19      2.20%     50.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    431     49.83%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 865                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      413     49.88%     49.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.24%     50.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      19      2.29%     52.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     394     47.58%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  828                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1876968500     96.32%     96.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     96.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                3825500      0.20%     96.52% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               67815500      3.48%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1948707500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.914153                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.957225                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     16.67%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     16.67%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::4                         1     16.67%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     16.67%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::54                        1     16.67%     83.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                        1     16.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     6                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.11%      0.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   33      3.65%      3.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.22%      3.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  796     88.15%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      4      0.44%     92.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.11%     92.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      48      5.32%     98.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  13      1.44%     99.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.55%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   903                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               42                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 27                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 39                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 28                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   27                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.666667                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.025641                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.518519                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         161285000      8.58%      8.58% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            40157000      2.14%     10.71% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1679229000     89.29%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      33                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             7939                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          467.959808                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            1189625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             8335                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           142.726455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   467.959808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.913984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.913984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.773438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           262469                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          262469                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        70224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          70224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        46157                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         46157                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1118                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1118                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1255                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1255                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       116381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          116381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       116381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         116381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3028                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3028                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          241                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          241                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          103                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          103                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         8073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          8073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         8073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         8073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        75269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        75269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        49185                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49185                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1359                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1359                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1358                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1358                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       124454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       124454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       124454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       124454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.067026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.061563                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.061563                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.177336                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.177336                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.075847                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.075847                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.064867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.064867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.064867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.064867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5031                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             5031                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             4078                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.977993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          390935637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4590                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         85171.162745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.977993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           833063                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          833063                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       410407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         410407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       410407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          410407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       410407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         410407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4083                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4083                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          4083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4083                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         4083                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       414490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       414490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       414490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       414490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       414490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       414490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4078                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             4078                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      23                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                       894                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     126     44.06%     44.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.70%     44.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     21      7.34%     52.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    137     47.90%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                 286                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      126     49.41%     49.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.78%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      21      8.24%     58.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     106     41.57%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                  255                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1933070000     99.28%     99.28% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     99.28% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                4012500      0.21%     99.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9946000      0.51%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1947126500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.773723                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.891608                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   78     21.55%     21.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      1.10%     22.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                  175     48.34%     71.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                      5      1.38%     72.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                      89     24.59%     97.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.49%     99.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.28%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                   362                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              167                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.401198                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.572650                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1912815500     99.57%     99.57% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.43%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      78                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements             2075                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          469.095033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             879579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2534                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           347.110892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   469.095033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.916201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.916201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.896484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            91878                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses           91878                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        26275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          26275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        14807                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         14807                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          492                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          492                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          481                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          481                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        41082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           41082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        41082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          41082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          757                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          757                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          104                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          104                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          2467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         2467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        27985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        15564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          586                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          586                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          585                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          585                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        43549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total        43549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        43549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total        43549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.061104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.048638                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.048638                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.160410                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160410                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.177778                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.177778                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.056649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.056649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          993                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              993                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             1643                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          391197291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         181530.065429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          471                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           309687                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          309687                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       152379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         152379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       152379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          152379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       152379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         152379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          1643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         1643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       154022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       154022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       154022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       154022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       154022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       154022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.010667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.010667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.010667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1643                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             1643                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      20                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1365                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     288     45.64%     45.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.32%     45.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     36      5.71%     51.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    305     48.34%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 631                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      286     47.04%     47.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.33%     47.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      36      5.92%     53.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     284     46.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  608                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              2133088500     98.97%     98.97% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.00%     98.97% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                4326500      0.20%     99.18% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               17772500      0.82%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          2155285500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.993056                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.931148                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.963550                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.42%      0.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   72     10.14%     10.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.14%     10.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  490     69.01%     79.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      5      0.70%     80.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.14%     80.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     120     16.90%     97.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.11%     99.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.42%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   710                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              191                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.502618                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.670139                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        2081202000     96.50%     96.50% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75501500      3.50%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      72                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12871                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          480.524804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            1083728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            80.977957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   480.524804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.938525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.938525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           375959                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          375959                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        81824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          81824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        83551                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         83551                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1206                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1206                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1269                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1269                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       165375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          165375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       165375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         165375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         7215                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7215                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        13178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         13178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        13178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        13178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        87787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        90766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        90766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1432                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1432                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1423                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1423                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       178553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       178553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       178553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       178553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.067926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.079490                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079490                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.157821                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.157821                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.108222                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.108222                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.073804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.073804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8505                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8505                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4743                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          455751223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         86727.159467                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   511.999756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           964731                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          964731                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       475248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         475248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       475248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          475248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       475248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         475248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       479993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       479993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       479993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       479993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       479993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       479993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4743                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4743                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1746                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1746                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1380                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1380                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         2328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         3090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         6252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    6252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         3336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         3201                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1545                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         8082                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     8082                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         70460                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        35164                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2700                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            9350                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9220                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          130                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                1746                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              30372                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               1333                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              1333                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        17894                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         8701                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             5488                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              397                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            366                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             763                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6523                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6523                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          10401                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         18225                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        17828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        56074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        11675                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        24488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                 110065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       736640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1894505                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       485888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       842289                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 3959322                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            52973                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            126115                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.116822                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.324403                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  111512     88.42%     88.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   14473     11.48%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     130      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              126115                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         43943                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        21626                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2402                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            6470                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6027                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          443                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              14381                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 47                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                47                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9498                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4867                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4731                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              384                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            258                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             642                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7588                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7588                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           6388                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7993                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         4150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         7272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        13493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        39497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  64412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       160448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       219768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       559872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1385664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 2325752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            44167                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             87633                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.129746                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.350812                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   76708     87.53%     87.53% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   10480     11.96%     99.49% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     445      0.51%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               87633                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               11451                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           130641.790469                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs              13183561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs              140465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               93.856555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 69622.631902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst           60                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data           63                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst           15                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data           12                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   995.219741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data 31026.378360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   743.762892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data 28103.797575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.531179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.236712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.214415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.996718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       129014                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         6653                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       115135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984299                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              559811                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             559811                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        17894                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17894                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         8701                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         8701                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total             15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3245                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            4502                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5603                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         2380                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         7983                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         7730                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2868                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        10598                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        10975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         2380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total              23083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5603                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        10975                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         2380                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4125                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total             23083                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          187                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          169                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          356                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          242                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          286                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          436                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1560                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          1996                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          715                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1703                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2418                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5094                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2293                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7387                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            11801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5530                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1703                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3853                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           11801                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        17894                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17894                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         8701                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         8701                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          195                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          176                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          371                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          242                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           47                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          289                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3681                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2817                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6498                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         6318                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4083                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        10401                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12824                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5161                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        17985                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         6318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        16505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         7978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          34884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         6318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        16505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         7978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         34884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.958974                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.960227                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.959569                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.936170                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989619                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.118446                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.553781                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.307171                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.113169                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.417095                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.232478                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.397224                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.444294                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.410731                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.113169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.335050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.417095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.482953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.338293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.113169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.335050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.417095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.482953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.338293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4677                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4677                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               10768                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           130087.866715                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              10131658                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs              140918                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               71.897543                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 46927.061164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst           38                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data           54                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst           15                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data            6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   547.406900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data 47694.593302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   445.929565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data 34359.875783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.358025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.004176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.363881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.003402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.262145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.992492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       130150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          769                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         4059                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7808                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3697                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       113817                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992966                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              351056                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             351056                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9498                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9498                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4867                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         4867                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1914                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1970                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          905                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3396                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4301                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          650                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3042                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         3692                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         4956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               9963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          905                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          706                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3396                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         4956                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              9963                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          118                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          224                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          342                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           99                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          203                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          576                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5013                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          5589                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          738                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1348                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2086                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1131                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3038                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4169                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         8051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            11844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          738                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1707                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1348                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         8051                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           11844                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9498                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9498                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4867                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4867                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          118                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          225                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          343                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           99                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          105                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          204                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          632                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6927                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7559                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1643                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4744                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         6387                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1781                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6080                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7861                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          21807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         21807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995556                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997085                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.990476                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.995098                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.911392                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.723690                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.739384                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.449178                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.284148                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.326601                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.635036                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.499671                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.530340                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.449178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.707418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.284148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.618974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.543128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.449178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.707418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.284148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.618974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.543128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           2812                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                2812                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1746                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             14533                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              1380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             1380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4746                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             527                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           489                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            885                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        12787                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        12747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        23647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         6158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        42552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         7036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           94                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         7130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 49682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       380672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       670592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         7706                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1058970                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       207616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       207992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1266962                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           38526                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            68224                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.547725                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.497721                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  30856     45.23%     45.23% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  37368     54.77%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              68224                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             10870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                47                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               47                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           12649                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             808                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           340                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1015                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6862                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6815                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        27595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         7182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        34777                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        22932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        22932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 57709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       724928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       208760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       933688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       671232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       671232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1604920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           16119                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            56196                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.276336                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.447189                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  40667     72.37%     72.37% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  15529     27.63%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              56196                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         8906                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.418750                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         8919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.014800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.021231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     1.072756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     2.784533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     1.217930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.322301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.626327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.067047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.174033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.076121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.020144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       148718                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       148718                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4564                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4564                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          137                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          204                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          341                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1237                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1299                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1895                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          675                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1838                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4615                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         5914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1957                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          675                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3075                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         5914                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4564                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4564                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          137                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          204                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          341                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1237                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1299                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1895                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          675                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1838                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4615                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         5914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         5914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         4571                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         4571                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         2887                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    13.263292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         2903                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.265243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.203477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     4.336613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.461330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     5.588025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.673847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.012717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.271038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.091333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.349252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.104615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.828956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        32784                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        32784                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           81                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total           81                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           64                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           66                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          190                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          193                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          666                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          279                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1330                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          707                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2982                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data          282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         3175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          666                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data          282                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1330                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          897                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         3175                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           81                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           81                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           64                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           66                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          190                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          666                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          279                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1330                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          707                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2982                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         3175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         3175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks           73                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total           73                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         2879                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.235720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         2895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.265976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.088553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     4.336253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.461308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     5.653584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.696023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.005535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.271016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.091332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.353349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.106001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.827233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        32712                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        32712                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           73                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total           73                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           64                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           66                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          190                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          193                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          666                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          279                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1330                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          707                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2982                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data          282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         3175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          666                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data          282                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1330                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          897                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         3175                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           73                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           73                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           64                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           66                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          190                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          666                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          279                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1330                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          707                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2982                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         3175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         3175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks           69                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total           69                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         8910                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.313245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs          134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         8923                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.015017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.894368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     1.031221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     3.162324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.816167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.409166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.618398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.064451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.197645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.051010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.025573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.957078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       148781                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       148781                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4571                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4571                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          137                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          204                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          341                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1237                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1299                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1895                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          675                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1838                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4615                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         5914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1957                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          675                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3075                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         5914                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4571                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4571                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          137                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          204                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          341                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1237                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1299                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1895                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          675                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1838                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4615                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         5914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         5914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         4574                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         4574                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              582507                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               155                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           22962                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             292981                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               13                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           9963                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              875488                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               168                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           32925                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             232545                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              131                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         232676                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 3893443                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            3371401                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              3371401                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      3299070                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           310                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls             108638                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       289702                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             3299070                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  310                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      4611533                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes      2685986                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          246                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes           74                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               876683                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             583578                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            293105                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      846356.960474                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      3047086.039526                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.782620                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.217380                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   425384                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         6464      0.19%      0.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu          2397814     71.12%     71.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult           11662      0.35%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             45      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              3      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              6      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             2      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          610199     18.10%     89.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         293229      8.70%     98.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         52145      1.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           3371569                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               76393                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               202                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           16610                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              50493                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               20                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses           9221                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              126886                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               222                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           25831                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              91359                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              192                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          91551                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 3897394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             414256                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               414256                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       402322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           830                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               9926                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        44945                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              402322                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  830                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       555619                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       303287                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          478                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          403                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               127476                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              76830                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             50646                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3522274.422123                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      375119.577877                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.096249                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.903751                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    58085                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         5063      1.22%      1.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           270954     65.37%     66.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             844      0.20%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd            108      0.03%     66.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv             15      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           79086     19.08%     85.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          50931     12.29%     98.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          7489      1.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            414490                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits               27925                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits              16004                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits               43929                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits              25925                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses          26050                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 3893812                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts             153637                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps               153637                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses       147663                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses           531                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls               3342                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts        18059                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts              147663                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                  531                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads       196337                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       112097                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads          284                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes          259                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                45217                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts              28909                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts             16308                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      3754512.262865                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      139299.737135                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.035775                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.964225                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                    22709                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass         2847      1.85%      1.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu            97428     63.26%     65.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult             113      0.07%     65.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead           30183     19.60%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite          16319     10.60%     95.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess          7098      4.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total            154022                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               88656                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              92094                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              180750                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49565                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             165030                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         165182                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                 4310942                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             479511                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               479511                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       461488                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3786                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               9535                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        49396                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              461488                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3786                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       662338                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       315477                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2465                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2422                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               182035                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              89590                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             92445                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      3830514.536942                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      480427.463058                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.111444                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.888556                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    62204                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9870      2.06%      2.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           273583     57.00%     59.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             545      0.11%     59.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1177      0.25%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           92161     19.20%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          92531     19.28%     97.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          9899      2.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            479993                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           7597                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             47                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            47                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4644                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         6649                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          445                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          209                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          588                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1513                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1492                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7597                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        23654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        23654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         7174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         7174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              30828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       671040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       671040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       208248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       208248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              879288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        42852                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         62208                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.660751                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.473458                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               21104     33.92%     33.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               41104     66.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           62208                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
