
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000355                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   355464500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2271874214000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              235122449                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                235112690                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              619456678                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1299612                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   134912484                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     134912484                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       107712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        57728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        24384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        39104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       104256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       186688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            519872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       107712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        24384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       104256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       236352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       142208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         142208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               8123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         2222                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              2222                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    303017601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    162401590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     68597567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    110008172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    293295111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    525194499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1462514541                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    303017601                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     68597567                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    293295111                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       664910279                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      400062453                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           400062453                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      400062453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    303017601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    162401590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     68597567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    110008172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    293295111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    525194499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1862576994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         9344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       127744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        40704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst         2176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       408000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            588864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         9344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         2176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        12416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       411264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         411264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         6375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               9201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         6426                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              6426                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     26286732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    359372033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2520646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    114509325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      6121568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data   1147793943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1656604246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     26286732                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2520646                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      6121568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        34928945                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1156976294                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1156976294                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1156976294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     26286732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    359372033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      2520646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    114509325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      6121568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data   1147793943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          2813580540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       566                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     160     47.62%     47.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.30%     47.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    175     52.08%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 336                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      160     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.31%     50.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     159     49.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  320                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               137741000     92.12%     92.12% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.23% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               11617000      7.77%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           149522500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.908571                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.952381                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.34%      3.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.28%      3.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  317     88.30%     92.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.28%     92.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      5.01%     97.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.51%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   359                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61204000     75.28%     75.28% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.72%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4922                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          460.592291                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.142422                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    23.037490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   437.554801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.044995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.854599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.899594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           129071                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          129071                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25565                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25565                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        55907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           55907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        55907                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          55907                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2155                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2155                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          4938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         4938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          608                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          608                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        60845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        60845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        60845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        60845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.084015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.084015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.077742                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.077742                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.159539                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.159539                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.046129                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046129                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.081157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.081157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.081157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.081157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2979                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2979                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2456                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.972034                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             281310                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2456                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           114.539902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    30.680068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   481.291966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.059922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.940023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           331615                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          331615                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       162122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         162122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       162122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          162122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       162122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         162122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       164579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       164579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       164579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       164579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       164579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       164579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2456                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2456                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       784                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      94     47.00%     47.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.50%     48.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    103     51.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 200                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       94     49.47%     49.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.58%     51.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      93     48.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  190                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               177354000     96.97%     96.97% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.20%     97.17% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5182500      2.83%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           182897500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.902913                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.950000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.37%      0.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     21.32%     21.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      1.47%     23.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  129     47.43%     70.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.37%     70.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     25.37%     96.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.31%     99.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.37%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   272                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          58575000      5.41%      5.41% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.76%      6.17% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1015705000     93.83%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             1813                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          432.447038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              36602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            20.188638                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    63.849431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   368.597607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.124706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.719917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.844623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.886719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            77777                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           77777                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          433                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          433                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          449                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          449                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          659                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          659                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2074                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2074                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13326                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13326                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        36909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        36909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        36909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        36909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.060001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.049452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.049452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.084567                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.084567                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.048729                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.048729                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.056192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.056192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          861                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              861                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1226                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.806706                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              96725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1226                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.894780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   199.904893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   311.901813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.390439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.609183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           270841                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          270841                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       133580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         133580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       133580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          133580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       133580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         133580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       134807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       134807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       134807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       134807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       134807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      1210                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     250     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    247     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                 498                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      248     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     247     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                  496                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               377315000     97.06%     97.06% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.03%     97.09% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               11322000      2.91%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           388749000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.992000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995984                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.52%      0.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.23%      9.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.17%      9.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                  397     69.16%     79.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.17%     79.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.17%     79.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.42%     96.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.61%     99.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.52%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                   574                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         555436000     88.03%     88.03% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     11.97%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            12327                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          435.891525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             148202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12327                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.022552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   113.242257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   322.649268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.221176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.630174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.851351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           358102                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          358102                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        76994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          76994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        80630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         80630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1207                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1207                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       157624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          157624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       157624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         157624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          122                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          122                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         12544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12544                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        12544                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        82656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        87512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        87512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1294                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1294                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       170168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       170168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.068501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.068501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.078641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.093846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.093846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.067233                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.067233                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.073715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.073715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7986                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             7986                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             4333                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.866871                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             261424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            60.333256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   201.340571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   310.526301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.393243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.606497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          314                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           915452                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          915452                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       451225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         451225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       451225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          451225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       451225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         451225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          4334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         4334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       455559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       455559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       455559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       455559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       455559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       455559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             4333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               182691500     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           182856000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          455.465204                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                 14                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   454.304215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.160989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.887313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.002268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.889580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.882812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         21301                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        10745                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1304                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2439                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2206                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          233                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3840                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2924                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2423                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              129                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             51                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             180                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3684                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4335                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        14679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         5994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  30965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       288320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       507536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       134592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       187544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1117992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            34557                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             55731                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.097486                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.310974                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   50541     90.69%     90.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    4947      8.88%     99.56% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     243      0.44%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               55731                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         33758                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        16586                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1249                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            5502                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4878                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          624                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10122                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7987                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3591                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3846                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               90                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             90                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             180                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6794                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6794                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4334                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5788                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        12259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        37345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  49626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       507200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1316128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1823656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            30595                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             64046                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.130672                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.364893                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   56303     87.91%     87.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    7117     11.11%     99.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     626      0.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               64046                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                7980                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3593.886798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  5999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                7980                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.751754                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1803.361847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    28.027584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    52.116092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     2.027824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     2.639340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   534.574686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   489.680889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   242.747168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   438.711370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.440274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.006843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.012724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.130511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.119551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.059264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.107107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.877414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.764893                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              170312                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             170312                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3840                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3840                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2924                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2924                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          193                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             259                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          628                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          832                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1460                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1085                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          628                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1713                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               3432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          628                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1278                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          832                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          694                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              3432                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          104                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1878                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          547                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2425                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1829                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          395                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2224                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1753                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          771                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2524                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             7173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1829                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3631                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          395                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            7173                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3840                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3840                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2924                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2924                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2071                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          613                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2684                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2457                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3684                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2838                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1399                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4237                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.971963                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.923077                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.972222                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.906808                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.892333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.903502                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.744404                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.321923                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.603692                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.617689                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.551108                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.595705                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.744404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.739662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.321923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.655070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.676379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.744404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.739662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.321923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.655070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.676379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4883                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4883                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               10813                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3740.360983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 20998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               10813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.941922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1556.877638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   245.012802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   200.792796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   227.523967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   300.357703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   430.018147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   779.612366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.165564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.380097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.059818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.049022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.055548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.073330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.104985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.190335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.913174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          935                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2914                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.956055                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              278450                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             278450                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7987                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7987                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3591                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3591                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          361                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             361                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2671                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2671                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2346                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2347                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               5379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2671                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2707                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              5379                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           86                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           88                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           85                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           87                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6433                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6433                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1663                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1663                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3431                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3432                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            11528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1663                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9864                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           11528                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7987                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7987                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3591                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3591                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           87                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           85                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6794                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6794                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4334                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5777                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5779                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          16907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         16907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.988506                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.988764                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.946865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.946865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.383710                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.383710                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.593907                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.593874                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.383710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.784663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.681848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.383710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.784663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.681848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           3793                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                3793                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              7498                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6914                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             311                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           116                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4364                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7498                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        10379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side        11097                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        21486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        14092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total        14102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 35588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       284352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       486400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       770792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       430848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total       430888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1201680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           16399                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            41195                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.389659                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.487679                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  25143     61.03%     61.03% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  16052     38.97%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              41195                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              5792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8482                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5778                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            416                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        17298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side        15362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        32660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        11015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total        11015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 43675                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       536640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side       433704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       970344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       486208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total       486208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1456552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           12110                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            40583                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.280093                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.449050                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  29216     71.99%     71.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  11367     28.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              40583                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches0.tags.replacements            5359                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches0.tags.tagsinuse          14.220348                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches0.tags.total_refs                27                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.sampled_refs            5359                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.avg_refs            0.005038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.146603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.001446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.109419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.296876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.045040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.620965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.821663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.018555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.038810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.888772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.tag_accesses           72328                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches0.tags.data_accesses          72328                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           63                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1674                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          537                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2211                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          421                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          116                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          697                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::total         2908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2095                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::total         2908                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1674                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          537                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          421                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          116                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          697                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::total         2908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::total         2908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches0.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::writebacks         4689                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::total            4689                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches1.tags.replacements            4725                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches1.tags.tagsinuse          15.856545                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches1.tags.total_refs                82                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.sampled_refs            4725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.avg_refs            0.017354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.954891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.078625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     1.798856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     1.078101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     1.438380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.570854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.936838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.372181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.067414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.112429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.067381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.089899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.160678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.121052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.tag_accesses           90045                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches1.tags.data_accesses          90045                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::total              2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::total             2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          154                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          154                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1968                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1968                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1121                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2750                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::total         4718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3089                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::total         4718                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          154                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1968                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1968                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2752                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::total         4720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::total         4720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998219                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999273                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches1.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::writebacks         2031                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::total            2031                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33619                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8144                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28309                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4590                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               61928                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12734                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43512                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43606                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  298351                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             164467                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               164467                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       158754                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           245                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4093                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        16973                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              158754                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  245                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       218997                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       111875                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62192                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              33823                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28369                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      229244.161295                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      69106.838705                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.231629                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.768371                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22327                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2806      1.70%      1.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            94974     57.71%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             145      0.09%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             30      0.02%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           34775     21.13%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28649     17.41%     98.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3200      1.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            164579                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23510                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13693                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37203                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23115                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23240                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4543336134                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             134422                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               134422                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       129201                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2671                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        15930                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              129201                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       171499                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        98393                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38311                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24394                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             13917                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3681038572.870795                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      862297561.129205                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.189794                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.810206                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19614                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2760      2.05%      2.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86205     63.95%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              79      0.06%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.02%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25435     18.87%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          13927     10.33%     95.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6374      4.73%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            134807                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits               83488                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits              88747                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              172235                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             161958                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         162110                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4543748429                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts             455076                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps               455076                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses       437996                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls               8633                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts        47283                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts              437996                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads       630088                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       297712                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               173349                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts              84328                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts             89021                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      1631176850.344545                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2912571578.655455                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.641006                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.358994                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                    58814                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass         9792      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           259141     56.88%     59.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult             525      0.12%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead           86607     19.01%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite          89088     19.56%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess          9007      1.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total            455559                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4543336020                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      4540977850.637569                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2358169.362431                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.000519                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.999481                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.972719                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                972718988000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3244950101000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 893711                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   893711                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              418752716                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1304732                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2322.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2075998211                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2075998211                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        13440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        13248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       130304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       117376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst     13755712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     32678528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       276352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       169984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          47154944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        13440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       130304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     13755712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       276352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total     14175808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks     23270976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       23270976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         2036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1834                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst       214933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       510602                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         4318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         2656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             736796                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       363609                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            363609                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        13817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data        13620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       133959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       120668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     14141507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     33595035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       284103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       174751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             48477458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        13817                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       133959                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     14141507                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       284103                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        14573385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       23923637                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            23923637                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       23923637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        13817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data        13620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       133959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       120668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     14141507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     33595035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       284103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       174751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            72401095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        18944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        12672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       141696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1716160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    821334016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        60096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      4669376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         827952960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        12672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1716160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total      1728832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    160848320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      160848320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         2214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        26815                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data     12833344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide        72959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total           12936765                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      2513255                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           2513255                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data        19475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        13027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       145670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1764292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    844369264                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        61781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide        4800334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            851173844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        13027                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1764292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         1777319                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      165359494                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           165359494                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      165359494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data        19475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        13027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       145670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      1764292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    844369264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        61781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide       4800334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1016533338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    1000                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     21644                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    4974     25.32%     25.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    297      1.51%     26.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    996      5.07%     31.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     31.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  13377     68.09%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               19645                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     4974     44.24%     44.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     297      2.64%     46.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     996      8.86%     55.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     55.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    4974     44.24%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                11242                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            971963726000     99.90%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               22275000      0.00%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               48804000      0.01%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              891139500      0.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        972926109000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.371832                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.572258                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                    4      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                17059     83.83%     83.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   1995      9.80%     93.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    1292      6.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 20350                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1298                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       4                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             6910                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          443.294720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             573772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             6910                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            83.035022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   443.294720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.865810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.865810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          462                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1716692                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1716692                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       534800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         534800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       292565                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        292565                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         7112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6732                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6732                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       827365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          827365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       827365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         827365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3733                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3733                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1054                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1054                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1133                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1133                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         10724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10724                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        10724                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       541791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       541791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       296298                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       296298                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7865                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7865                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       838089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       838089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       838089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       838089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.012903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.012599                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012599                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.129072                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.129072                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.144056                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.144056                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.012796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.012796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2694                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2694                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             9685                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1098160                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             9685                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           113.387713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1.774240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   510.225760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.003465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.996535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4996469                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4996469                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2483707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2483707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2483707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2483707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2483707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2483707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          9685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         9685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2493392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2493392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2493392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2493392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2493392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2493392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         9685                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             9685                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     998                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     18119                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    4204     26.58%     26.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    996      6.30%     32.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     32.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  10615     67.12%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               15816                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     4204     44.70%     44.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     996     10.59%     55.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     55.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    4203     44.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 9404                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            971330231500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               48804000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              531182000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        971910382000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.395949                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.594588                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   18      0.11%      0.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.01%      0.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                13802     81.95%     82.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1992     11.83%     93.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.01%     93.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    1017      6.04%     99.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.05%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 16843                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               36                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               1000                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 23                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    3                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.638889                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.003000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.043561                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          72794500      0.01%      0.01% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            50750500      0.01%      0.02% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        778429771000     99.98%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      18                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             9562                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          455.204791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             346256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             9562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            36.211671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   455.204791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.889072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.889072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          476                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.945312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1264009                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1264009                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       384555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         384555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       220126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        220126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3566                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3566                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3434                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3434                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       604681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          604681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       604681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         604681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        10269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3219                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3219                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          131                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          131                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          255                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          255                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         13488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        13488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       394824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       394824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       223345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       223345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3697                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3697                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3689                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3689                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       618169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       618169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       618169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       618169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.026009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.014413                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014413                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.035434                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.035434                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.069124                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.069124                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.021819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.021819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            10164                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            1108906                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            10164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           109.101338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3696686                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         3696686                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1833094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1833094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1833094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         1833094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1833094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        1833094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        10166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         10166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        10166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1843260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1843260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1843260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      1843260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1843260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      1843260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks        10164                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total            10164                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     181                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                  11781208                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   18281     39.66%     39.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     55      0.12%     39.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    996      2.16%     41.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.00%     41.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  26765     58.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               46098                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    18280     48.60%     48.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      55      0.15%     48.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     996      2.65%     51.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.00%     51.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   18279     48.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                37611                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            970652457000     99.77%     99.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3932500      0.00%     99.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               48804000      0.01%     99.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     99.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2220734000      0.23%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        972926039500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999945                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.682944                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.815892                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                       427     62.34%     62.34% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                        12      1.75%     64.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         2      0.29%     64.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                      235     34.31%     98.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      0.15%     98.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      0.15%     98.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.15%     99.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.15%     99.27% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        2      0.29%     99.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      0.15%     99.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      0.15%     99.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      0.15%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                   685                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  227      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.00%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                37948      2.97%      2.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   2263      0.18%      3.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%      3.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    7098      0.56%      3.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 700      0.05%      3.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.00%      3.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique            1229298     96.22%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total               1277547                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             7324                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               7060                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               7059                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 7060                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.963818                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.981577                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       12391429500      1.27%      1.27% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        960601607500     98.73%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     227                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements         24517776                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.950251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          486335543                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         24517776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            19.836038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   511.950251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.999903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1046328416                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1046328416                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    325638168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      325638168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    148083128                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     148083128                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      6298284                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      6298284                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      6361151                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      6361151                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data    473721296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       473721296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data    473721296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      473721296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     22737097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     22737097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1722004                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1722004                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        63272                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        63272                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          340                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          340                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     24459101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      24459101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     24459101                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     24459101                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    348375265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    348375265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    149805132                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    149805132                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      6361556                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      6361556                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      6361491                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      6361491                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    498180397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    498180397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    498180397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    498180397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.065266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.011495                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011495                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.009946                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009946                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000053                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.049097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.049097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      4846008                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          4846008                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          7954327                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         1929293058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          7954327                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           242.546360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          364                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3897686293                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      3897686293                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1936911656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1936911656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1936911656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      1936911656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1936911656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     1936911656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      7954327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      7954327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      7954327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       7954327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      7954327                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      7954327                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1944865983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1944865983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1944865983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   1944865983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1944865983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   1944865983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.004090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.004090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.004090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks      7954327                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          7954327                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                    1001                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                     17483                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    4040     26.10%     26.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    996      6.43%     32.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.02%     32.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  10439     67.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               15478                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     4040     44.50%     44.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     996     10.97%     55.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.03%     55.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    4039     44.49%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 9078                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            971545093000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               48804000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              522858500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        972117107000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.386914                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.586510                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    7      0.04%      0.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                13482     81.80%     81.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   1995     12.10%     93.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     998      6.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 16482                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1005                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       7                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             4816                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          441.504971                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             277698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4816                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            57.661545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   441.504971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.862314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.862314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          480                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          473                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1101032                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1101032                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       342405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         342405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       189028                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        189028                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3070                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3070                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2878                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2878                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       531433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          531433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       531433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         531433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         7560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1230                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1230                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          225                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          225                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         8790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          8790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         8790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         8790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       349965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       349965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       190258                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       190258                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3105                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3105                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3103                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3103                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       540223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       540223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       540223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       540223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.021602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.006465                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006465                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.011272                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011272                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.072510                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.072510                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          986                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              986                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             8549                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             769062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             8549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            89.959293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     9.033913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   502.966087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.017644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.982356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3264579                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses         3264579                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1619466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1619466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1619466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total         1619466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1619466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total        1619466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         8549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         8549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         8549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          8549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         8549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         8549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1628015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1628015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1628015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total      1628015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1628015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total      1628015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         8549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             8549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 583                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  4804608                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        590                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 2504                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                2504                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               81208                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              81208                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         8912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         2374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         2976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         2640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        16958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       150466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       150466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  167424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        35648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         3266                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1485                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        42111                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      4805896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      4805896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  4848007                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                75233                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                75233                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               677097                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              677097                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        75072                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        75072                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              161                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        75072                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        75072                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           75072                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                75072                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         82957                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        43255                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        17422                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          229798                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        47960                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       181838                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                1779                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              40075                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               3184                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              3184                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6649                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        10441                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4038                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4046                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1388                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            5434                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          19851                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         18445                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        23603                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        37686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        26540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        36497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                 124326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       890752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       728446                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1047936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1086640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 3753774                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         27293615                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          27375469                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.016364                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.171410                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                27109327     99.03%     99.03% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   84304      0.31%     99.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                  181838      0.66%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            27375469                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      64980107                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     32488395                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       226008                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          900446                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       723078                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       177368                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 564                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           30771404                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               2952                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              2952                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4846994                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean      7850888                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         19563100                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1500                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            565                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2065                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1721734                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1721734                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        7962876                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      22807964                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     23755155                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     73456526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        21485                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        24126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               97257292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   1011252992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   1879533325                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       827904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       593988                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              2892208209                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         15018620                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          80000373                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.019134                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.152321                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                78647050     98.31%     98.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                 1175953      1.47%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                  177370      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            80000373                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                7376                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3175.812359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  5423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                7376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.735222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1298.593098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2.000067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     1.000086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   184.675482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   193.708776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   908.984161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   586.850689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.317039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.045087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.047292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.221920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.143274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.775345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3592                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3583                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.876953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              532685                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             532685                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6649                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6649                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        10441                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        10441                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          275                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             357                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         9475                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         7932                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        17407                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6748                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4632                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        11380                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         9475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         7932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total              29144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         9475                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6830                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         7932                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4907                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total             29144                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3324                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          717                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         4041                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1122                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          242                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1364                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          124                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2221                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2345                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          210                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2234                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2444                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          493                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3949                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4442                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             9231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          617                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2234                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6170                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            9231                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6649                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6649                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        10441                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        10441                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3324                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          718                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         4042                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1127                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          242                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1369                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2496                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2702                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9685                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        10166                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        19851                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7241                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         8581                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        15822                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        10166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        11077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          38375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        10166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        11077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         38375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998607                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999753                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995563                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996348                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.601942                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.889824                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.867876                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.021683                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.219752                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.123117                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.068085                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.460203                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.280748                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.021683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.219752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.557010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.240547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.021683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.219752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.557010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.240547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4616                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4616                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements            13817275                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4067.313379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              48020958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs            13817275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                3.475429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   436.001471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.016858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.016660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst    81.106662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  3548.097383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.037298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.037048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.106446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.019801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.866235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.992996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4080                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          627                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1880                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1354                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           533577951                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          533577951                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4846994                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      4846994                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      7850888                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total      7850888                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       680186                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total          680215                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      7711520                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4231                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      7715751                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     10491599                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1329                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     10492928                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      7711520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     11171785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total           18888894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      7711520                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     11171785                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4231                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1358                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total          18888894                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          597                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          626                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1223                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          313                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          213                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          526                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1040939                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          523                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total       1041462                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       242807                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4318                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       247125                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     12308304                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5622                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     12313926                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       242807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     13349243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total         13602513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       242807                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     13349243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6145                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total        13602513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4846994                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4846994                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      7850888                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total      7850888                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          600                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          627                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1227                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          314                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          213                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          527                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1721125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          552                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1721677                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      7954327                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         8549                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      7962876                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     22799903                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6951                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     22806854                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      7954327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     24521028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         8549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       32491407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      7954327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     24521028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         8549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      32491407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998405                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996740                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996815                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998102                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.604802                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.947464                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.604911                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.030525                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.505088                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.031035                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.539840                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.808804                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.539922                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.030525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.544400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.505088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.819006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.418650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.030525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.544400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.505088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.819006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.418650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        2798122                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             2798122                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               2343                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            671193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              6136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             6136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       440699                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          119501                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            5362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1904                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           7010                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            79291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           79080                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       668850                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        75072                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        75072                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        25296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side        10743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        45965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1958953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         7032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total      1965985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         6336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       219363                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       225699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               2237649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       432192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       453568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        23086                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       908846                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     70371584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        19025                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total     70390609                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       135168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side      4679744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      4814912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               76114367                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        25800226                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         27306877                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.944795                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.228381                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                1507489      5.52%      5.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               25799388     94.48%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           27306877                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                564                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp          12563409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              2952                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             2952                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2875207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict        10648813                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1586                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           585                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1858                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1115782                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1115725                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     12562845                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     38582134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side      2080235                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     40662369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       229909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total       229909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              40892278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    979072192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side     70586257                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total   1049658449                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      9802304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total      9802304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total             1059460753                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                         1047623                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         28254487                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.037005                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.188773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               27208942     96.30%     96.30% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                1045545      3.70%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           28254487                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches0.tags.replacements           78836                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches0.tags.tagsinuse          15.533850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches0.tags.total_refs                44                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.sampled_refs           78836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.avg_refs            0.000558                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14.997644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.438347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.097537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.937353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.027397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.006096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.970866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.125000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.tag_accesses         1311694                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches0.tags.data_accesses        1311694                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        77090                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        77090                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::total              2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::total             2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           44                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           71                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1322                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          288                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          198                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1147                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1794                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        72960                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        72960                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::total         3116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          329                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          198                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2428                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::total         3116                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        77090                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        77090                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           44                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1281                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1322                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          288                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          198                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1149                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1796                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        72960                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        72960                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::total         3118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::total         3118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998259                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998886                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches0.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::writebacks        77085                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::total           77085                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches1.tags.replacements         1022313                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches1.tags.tagsinuse          15.968544                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches1.tags.total_refs              5017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.sampled_refs         1022313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.avg_refs            0.004907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.598336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.443669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     6.832413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.032854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.061271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.412396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.152729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.427026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.002053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.003829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.tag_accesses        11745928                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches1.tags.data_accesses       11745928                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       361952                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       361952                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::total          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         1059                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          923                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1982                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         1059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::total           2116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         1059                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1057                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::total          2116                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          481                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          621                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1102                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          285                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          211                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          496                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        76539                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::total        76742                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       214933                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       437553                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4318                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         4999                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       661803                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       214933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       514092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::total       738545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       214933                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       514092                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4318                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5202                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::total       738545                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       361952                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       361952                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          481                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          621                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1102                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          285                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          211                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          496                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        76673                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        76876                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       215992                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       438476                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4318                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4999                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       663785                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       215992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       515149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::total       740661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       215992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       515149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::total       740661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998252                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998257                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.995097                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997895                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997014                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.995097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.995097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches1.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::writebacks       361011                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::total          361011                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              551122                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             306635                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              857757                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             269790                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         269790                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              1945853223                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            2493392                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              2493392                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      2393717                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           268                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls             130930                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       174564                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             2393717                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  268                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      3234866                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes      1875261                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          132                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          136                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               859380                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             551736                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            307644                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      1943360300.005773                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      2492922.994227                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.001281                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.998719                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   350226                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        11459      0.46%      0.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu          1502877     60.27%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            8572      0.34%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              8      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          570572     22.88%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         309640     12.42%     96.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         90264      3.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           2493392                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits              398371                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               130                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           21797                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits             228002                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          12576                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              626373                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               148                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           34373                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             313431                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         313552                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              1943821314                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts            1843102                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps              1843102                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses      1768454                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           629                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              71989                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts       141412                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts             1768454                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  629                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads      2429016                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes      1382600                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          328                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          291                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               627733                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts             398651                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts            229082                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      1941980461.023987                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      1840852.976013                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000947                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999053                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                   247703                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass        13890      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu          1112909     60.38%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult            6360      0.35%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             54      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead          405925     22.02%     83.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite         229368     12.44%     95.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         74751      4.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total           1843260                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           351978930                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses          10255855                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses       359424533                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits          156173989                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses           246050                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   8                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses      149567347                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits           508152919                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses          10501905                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   20                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses       508991880                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits         1921887980                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              684                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses     1921888664                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              1945852319                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts         1934364058                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps           1934364058                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses   1709584127                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses       1668464                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls           87754795                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts    255172439                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts          1709584127                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts              1668464                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   2229432087                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes   1250411547                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads      1003471                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes      1003544                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs            521414978                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          364993248                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts         156421730                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      571598.824258                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      1945280720.175742                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.999706                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.000294                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                400428078                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass    157012850      8.07%      8.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu       1149634397     59.11%     67.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          496496      0.03%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd         662215      0.03%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt         300167      0.02%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv         100058      0.01%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       373723599     19.22%     86.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite      156428346      8.04%     94.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess     106507854      5.48%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total        1944865983                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits              353037                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 3                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              22                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits             194351                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              547388                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 3                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              22                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             208499                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         208499                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              1944235215                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts            1628012                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps              1628012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses      1560692                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           409                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls              66708                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts       118529                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts             1560692                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  409                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads      2144539                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes      1233651                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          198                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          204                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               548447                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts             353077                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts            195370                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1942609206.896365                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      1626008.103635                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.000836                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.999164                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                   217898                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9799      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           986116     60.57%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult            6276      0.39%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             19      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead          359432     22.08%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite         195379     12.00%     95.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess         70994      4.36%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total           1628015                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.073213                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 73213055500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3318163156500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                7202726                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  7202725                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              215440940                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1305756                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   339.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2447694115                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2447694115                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       429888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data     20089280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       282176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data     11697920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       148416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      6023360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       315136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data     11684672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          50670848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       429888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       282176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       148416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       315136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      1175616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      7475776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        7475776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         6717                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       313895                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         4409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data       182780                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         2319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        94115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         4924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data       182573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             791732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       116809                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            116809                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5871740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    274394776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      3854176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    159779153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2027179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     82271665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      4304369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    159598202                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            692101261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5871740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      3854176                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2027179                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      4304369                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        16057464                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      102109876                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           102109876                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      102109876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      5871740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    274394776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      3854176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    159779153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      2027179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     82271665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      4304369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    159598202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           794211136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       132736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    117678912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       103296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data     77693888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        45248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     34558720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        68608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data     77149184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         307430592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       132736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       103296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        45248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        68608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       349888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks      8169216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        8169216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         2074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data      1838733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1614                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data      1213967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       539980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data      1205456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            4803603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       127644                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            127644                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1813010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data   1607348733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1410896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data   1061202643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       618032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    472029473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       937101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data   1053762658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           4199122546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1813010                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1410896                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       618032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       937101                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         4779038                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      111581411                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           111581411                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      111581411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      1813010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data   1607348733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      1410896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data   1061202643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       618032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    472029473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       937101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data   1053762658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          4310703956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      10                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                   2125408                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     845     30.46%     30.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     53      1.91%     32.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     75      2.70%     35.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     35      1.26%     36.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   1766     63.66%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                2774                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      845     45.92%     45.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      53      2.88%     48.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      75      4.08%     52.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      35      1.90%     54.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     832     45.22%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1840                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             73011927000     99.73%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3975000      0.01%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3675000      0.01%     99.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                4165500      0.01%     99.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              188960000      0.26%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         73212702500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.471121                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.663302                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   84      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   90      0.29%      0.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2341      7.50%      8.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    153      0.49%      8.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     272      0.87%      9.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 104      0.33%      9.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique              28171     90.25%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 31215                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              360                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                202                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                202                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  202                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.561111                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.718861                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      973705921500     93.04%     93.04% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user         72854874500      6.96%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      90                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          2986449                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.884704                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           20139541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2986449                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.743641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   511.884704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.999775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.945312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         48722321                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        48722321                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     15338040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       15338040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      4384266                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4384266                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        76982                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        76982                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        76399                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        76399                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     19722306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        19722306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     19722306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       19722306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2962604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2962604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        26832                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        26832                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          629                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          629                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1132                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1132                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2989436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2989436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2989436                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2989436                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     18300644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18300644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      4411098                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4411098                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        77611                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        77611                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        77531                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        77531                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     22711742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22711742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     22711742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22711742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.161885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.161885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.006083                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006083                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.008105                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008105                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.014601                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.014601                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.131625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.131625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.131625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.131625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       173836                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           173836                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            15042                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          113211914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            15042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          7526.387050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.001953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        292453036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       292453036                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    146203955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      146203955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    146203955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       146203955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    146203955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      146203955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        15042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        15042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        15042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         15042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        15042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        15042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    146218997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    146218997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    146218997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    146218997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    146218997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    146218997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        15042                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            15042                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      83                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                   1349130                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     579     32.42%     32.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     75      4.20%     36.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     55      3.08%     39.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   1077     60.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                1786                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      579     46.77%     46.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      75      6.06%     52.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      55      4.44%     57.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     529     42.73%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 1238                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             73888073500     99.82%     99.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3675000      0.00%     99.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                6799500      0.01%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              122841000      0.17%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         74021389000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.491179                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.693169                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   20      0.07%      0.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   99      0.34%      0.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1463      5.07%      5.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    163      0.57%      6.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     193      0.67%      6.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  62      0.21%      6.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique              26839     93.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 28839                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              162                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                110                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                130                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                156                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  110                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   46                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.962963                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.353846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.776119                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         122367500      0.05%      0.05% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user         46717958500     17.47%     17.52% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        220538067000     82.48%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      99                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          1958329                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          504.830417                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           13096023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1958329                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.687346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   504.830417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.985997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          475                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          305                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.927734                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         31525646                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        31525646                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      9827757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9827757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2899212                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2899212                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        47319                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        47319                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        46942                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        46942                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data     12726969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        12726969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data     12726969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       12726969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1927922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1927922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        32471                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        32471                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          400                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          400                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          753                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          753                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1960393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       1960393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1960393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      1960393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     11755679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11755679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2931683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2931683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        47719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        47719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        47695                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        47695                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     14687362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14687362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     14687362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14687362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.163999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.163999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.011076                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011076                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.008382                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008382                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.015788                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.015788                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.133475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.133475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.133475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.133475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       125842                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           125842                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             9546                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           69603140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             9546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          7291.340876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          297                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        187537532                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       187537532                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst     93754447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       93754447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst     93754447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        93754447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst     93754447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       93754447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         9546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         9546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          9546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         9546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         9546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst     93763993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     93763993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst     93763993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     93763993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst     93763993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     93763993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         9546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             9546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      73                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    635813                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     495     30.92%     30.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     75      4.68%     35.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     23      1.44%     37.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1008     62.96%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                1601                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      495     46.13%     46.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      75      6.99%     53.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      23      2.14%     55.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     480     44.73%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1073                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             73134309500     99.89%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3675000      0.01%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2826000      0.00%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               71721000      0.10%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         73212531500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.476190                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.670206                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      7.69%      7.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        5     38.46%     46.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        2     15.38%     61.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        5     38.46%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    13                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   26      0.09%      0.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   38      0.14%      0.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1375      5.00%      5.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    158      0.57%      5.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     132      0.48%      6.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  33      0.12%      6.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              25750     93.60%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 27512                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              170                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 58                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 58                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   58                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.341176                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.508772                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       51810578000     70.77%     70.77% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         21401953500     29.23%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      38                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           900234                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          491.771110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            6007738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           900234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.673529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   491.771110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.960490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.960490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          475                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.927734                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         14628410                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        14628410                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      4456025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4456025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1470071                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1470071                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        17504                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17504                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        17382                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17382                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      5926096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         5926096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      5926096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        5926096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       884843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       884843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        17088                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        17088                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          261                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          261                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          379                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          379                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       901931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        901931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       901931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       901931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5340868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5340868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1487159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1487159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        17765                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17765                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        17761                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17761                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      6828027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6828027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      6828027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6828027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.165674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.165674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.011490                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011490                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.014692                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014692                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.021339                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.021339                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.132092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.132092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.132092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.132092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        65776                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            65776                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             6424                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           47957350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6424                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          7465.340909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         86140978                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        86140978                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     43060853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       43060853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     43060853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        43060853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     43060853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       43060853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         6424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         6424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         6424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          6424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         6424                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         6424                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     43067277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43067277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     43067277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     43067277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     43067277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     43067277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         6424                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             6424                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      75                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                   1362682                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     581     32.21%     32.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     75      4.16%     36.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     54      2.99%     39.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   1094     60.64%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                1804                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      581     46.44%     46.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      75      6.00%     52.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      54      4.32%     56.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     541     43.25%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 1251                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             73896438500     99.83%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3675000      0.00%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                6053500      0.01%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              114858000      0.16%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         74021025000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.494516                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.693459                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   28      0.10%      0.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   93      0.32%      0.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1490      5.17%      5.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    161      0.56%      6.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     189      0.66%      6.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  59      0.20%      7.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique              26786     92.99%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 28806                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              282                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                112                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                112                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  112                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.397163                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.568528                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      999317411000     95.52%     95.52% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user         46842241000      4.48%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      93                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          1905077                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          505.620966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           13149257                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1905077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.902218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   505.620966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.987541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          490                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.957031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         31512657                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        31512657                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      9873629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9873629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2926646                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2926646                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        47361                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        47361                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        46978                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        46978                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data     12800275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        12800275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data     12800275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       12800275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1898460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1898460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         8654                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8654                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          417                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          417                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          779                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          779                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1907114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       1907114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1907114                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      1907114                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     11772089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11772089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2935300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2935300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        47778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        47778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        47757                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        47757                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     14707389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14707389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     14707389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14707389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.161268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.161268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.002948                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002948                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.008728                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008728                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016312                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.016312                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.129670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.129670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.129670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.129670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       107191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           107191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             9706                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           89980866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             9706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          9270.643519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     4.020993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   507.979007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.007854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.992146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          260                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        188012878                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       188012878                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst     93991880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       93991880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst     93991880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        93991880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst     93991880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       93991880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         9706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         9706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          9706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         9706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         9706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst     94001586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     94001586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst     94001586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     94001586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst     94001586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     94001586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         9706                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             9706                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  327                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 327                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 832                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                832                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    2318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          278                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         6206                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     6206                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests       9946697                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4973627                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       550914                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         3192763                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      3154853                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        37910                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            4916470                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                559                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               559                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       299678                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        11544                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          4109006                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             2211                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1885                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4096                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             57092                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            57092                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          24588                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       4891555                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        37779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      8668808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        22941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      5647134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               14376662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1455168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    202395718                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       857280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    133501104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total               338209270                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         10771622                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          20716277                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.209143                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.411172                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                16421521     79.27%     79.27% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                 4256846     20.55%     99.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                   37910      0.18%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            20716277                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       5648452                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2824828                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       234848                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          399115                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       373437                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        25678                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            2800111                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                273                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               273                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       172967                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         9081                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2405065                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1610                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1158                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2768                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             24132                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            24132                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          16130                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2783981                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        17078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      2589215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        24263                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      5611125                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                8241681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       681856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     61894080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       931648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    128897224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               192404808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          9479352                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          15124133                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.059184                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.243058                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                14254703     94.25%     94.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  843752      5.58%     99.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   25678      0.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            15124133                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements             3576309                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            4092.109784                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               5490555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs             3576309                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                1.535257                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    21.190325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.002846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.000771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     9.071200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  2712.398503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     6.893979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1342.552159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.005173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.662207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.327772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.999050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4036                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          907                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2702                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.985352                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses            78793018                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses           78793018                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       299678                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       299678                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        11544                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        11544                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total             45                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           85                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        22364                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        30158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total           52522                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         6251                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3523                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         9774                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       809720                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       531289                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      1341009                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         6251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       832084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       561447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            1403305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         6251                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       832084                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3523                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       561447                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           1403305                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1027                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          377                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1404                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          912                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          564                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1476                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2921                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1581                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          4502                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8791                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         6023                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        14814                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2152162                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1396313                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3548475                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2155083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         6023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1397894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total          3567791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8791                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2155083                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         6023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1397894                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total         3567791                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       299678                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       299678                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        11544                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        11544                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1054                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          395                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1449                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          957                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          604                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1561                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        25285                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        31739                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        57024                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        15042                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         9546                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        24588                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2961882                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1927602                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4889484                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        15042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2987167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         9546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1959341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total        4971096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        15042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2987167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         9546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1959341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total       4971096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.974383                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.954430                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.968944                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.952978                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.933775                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.945548                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.115523                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.049813                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.078949                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.584430                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.630945                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.602489                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.726620                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.724378                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.725736                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.584430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.721447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.630945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.713451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.717707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.584430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.721447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.630945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.713451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.717707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks         159638                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total              159638                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             2037081                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4075.084804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               4261501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             2037081                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.091964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    46.213365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     4.527376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   615.387182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    63.251400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  3345.705481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.011283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.150241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.015442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.816823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.994894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4015                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          989                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2605                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980225                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            45371499                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           45371499                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       172967                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       172967                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         9081                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         9081                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        14020                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         6286                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total           20306                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         3398                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3710                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         7108                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       251976                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       510559                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       762535                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         3398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       265996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       516845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total             789949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         3398                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       265996                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3710                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       516845                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total            789949                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          821                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          653                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1474                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          303                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          715                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1018                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2161                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1618                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          3779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3026                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         5996                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         9022                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       632896                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1387986                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      2020882                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       635057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         5996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1389604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          2033683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3026                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       635057                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         5996                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1389604                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         2033683                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       172967                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       172967                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         9081                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         9081                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          829                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          659                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1488                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          329                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          726                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1055                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        16181                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7904                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        24085                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         6424                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         9706                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        16130                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       884872                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1898545                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2783417                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         6424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       901053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         9706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1906449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        2823632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         6424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       901053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         9706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1906449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       2823632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.990350                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.990895                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990591                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.920973                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.984848                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.964929                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.133552                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.204706                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.156903                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.471046                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.617762                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.559330                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.715240                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.731079                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.726044                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.471046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.704794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.617762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.728896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.720237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.471046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.704794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.617762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.728896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.720237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks          85024                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total               85024                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                327                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           3848449                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               832                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              832                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       196534                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3608809                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            3263                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          2289                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           4353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4790                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4700                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3848122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1512254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side      9162533                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     10676559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       846195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total       846741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total              11523300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     37718528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side    200835904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4022                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    238558454                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     20604352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total     20606536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              259164990                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         6629147                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         14309880                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.463126                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.498638                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                7682600     53.69%     53.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                6627280     46.31%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           14309880                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           5084357                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               273                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              273                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       164689                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4515987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2668                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          2143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           4039                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             7666                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            7570                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      5084357                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      5105466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side       852325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      5957791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      8916231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total      8916231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              14874022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    114973184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side     20625480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    135598664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    200826944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total    200826944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              336425608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                         1338165                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         11497525                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.116182                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.320443                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               10161719     88.38%     88.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                1335806     11.62%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           11497525                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches0.tags.replacements         3133483                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches0.tags.tagsinuse          15.994983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches0.tags.total_refs               725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.sampled_refs         3133483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.avg_refs            0.000231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.410444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.025253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    10.444054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.007720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     5.107511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.025653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.652753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.319219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.tag_accesses        51954509                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches0.tags.data_accesses       51954509                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        79725                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        79725                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           79                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           80                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           79                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::total             80                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           79                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::total            80                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          443                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          186                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          629                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          548                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          358                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          906                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2360                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1443                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::total         3803                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2074                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1837659                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1614                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1213106                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3054453                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1840019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1214549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::total      3058256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2074                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1840019                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1614                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1214549                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::total      3058256                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        79725                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        79725                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          443                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          186                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          629                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          548                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          358                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          906                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2360                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1443                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3803                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2074                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1837660                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1614                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1213185                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3054533                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1840020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1214628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::total      3058336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1840020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1214628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::total      3058336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999999                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999935                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999974                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches0.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::writebacks        79665                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::total           79665                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches1.tags.replacements          320973                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches1.tags.tagsinuse          15.878338                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches1.tags.total_refs               934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.sampled_refs          320973                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.avg_refs            0.002910                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.268853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.120277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.213982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     3.365439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     8.909787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.079303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.007517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.138374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.210340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.556862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.tag_accesses         4842036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches1.tags.data_accesses        4842036                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        37045                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        37045                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          144                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          146                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::total            147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          145                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::total           147                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          709                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          312                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          151                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          285                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          436                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          142                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::total          214                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2319                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        94498                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4924                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       183092                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       284833                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        94570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       183234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::total       285047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2319                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        94570                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4924                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       183234                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::total       285047                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        37045                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37045                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          709                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          312                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1021                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          151                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          285                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          436                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          142                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          215                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2319                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        94642                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4924                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       183094                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       284979                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        94715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       183236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::total       285194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        94715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       183236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::total       285194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.986301                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.995349                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998478                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999488                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches1.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::writebacks        36896                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::total           36896                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits            17917725                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses           2071787                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses        19882201                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits            4488850                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses            22198                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses        4443363                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits            22406575                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses           2093985                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses        24325564                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits          145752359                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               47                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses      145752406                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               146426121                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          144125012                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            144125012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    105252448                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses      32510029                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            2075629                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts      8781758                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           105252448                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts             32510029                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads    166831224                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes     81644000                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads     41791026                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes     31183449                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs             24961879                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts           20450369                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts           4511510                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      207077.014139                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      146219043.985861                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.998586                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.001414                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 12413739                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     11430220      7.82%      7.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu         56265082     38.48%     46.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            2675      0.00%     46.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     46.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd       22308793     15.26%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp         546043      0.37%     61.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt        6692840      4.58%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult       1010622      0.69%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv         109318      0.07%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead        22358191     15.29%     82.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite        4511949      3.09%     85.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess      20983264     14.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         146218997                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits            11534352                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses           1305885                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses        12769791                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits            2979274                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses            14233                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses        2952220                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits            14513626                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses           1320118                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses        15722011                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits           93465590                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses               43                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses       93465633                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               148042921                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts           92443875                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps             92443875                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses     67624007                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses      20721885                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls            1377309                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts      5666702                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts            67624007                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts             20721885                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads    106903103                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes     52393156                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads     26576302                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes     19852788                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs             16103237                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts           13109283                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts           2993954                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      53243643.797062                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      94799277.202938                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.640350                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.359650                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                  8070087                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass      7281448      7.77%      7.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu         36313059     38.73%     46.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult            1642      0.00%     46.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     46.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd       14317591     15.27%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp         353979      0.38%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt        4315949      4.60%     66.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult        534710      0.57%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv          71322      0.08%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead        14341865     15.30%     82.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite        2994011      3.19%     85.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess      13238417     14.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total          93763993                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits             5207013                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses            601306                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses         5756518                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits            1504939                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses             6839                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses        1471939                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits             6711952                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses            608145                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses         7228457                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits           42828181                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses               62                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses       42828243                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               146426184                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts           42459132                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps             42459132                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses     31371043                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses       8965247                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls             688722                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts      2700919                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts            31371043                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts              8965247                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads     48526563                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes     24259656                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads     11395915                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes      8540488                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs              7471951                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts            5959939                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts           1512012                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      103358896.527620                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      43067287.472380                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.294123                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.705877                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                  3885431                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass      3442457      7.99%      7.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         16956844     39.37%     47.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult             702      0.00%     47.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     47.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd        6325059     14.69%     62.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp         164893      0.38%     62.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt        1931863      4.49%     66.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult         67729      0.16%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv          33370      0.08%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead         6516637     15.13%     82.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite        1512095      3.51%     85.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess       6115628     14.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total          43067277                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits            11548888                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses           1318975                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses        12799682                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits            2982971                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses            14726                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses        2957573                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits            14531859                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses           1333701                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses        15757255                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits           93713948                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses               50                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses       93713998                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               148043846                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts           92667885                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps             92667885                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses     67818867                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses      20717013                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls            1375896                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts      5685382                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts            67818867                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts             20717013                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads    107099845                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes     52553806                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads     26570069                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes     19848855                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs             16136971                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts           13138842                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts           2998129                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      53003744.357843                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      95040101.642157                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.641973                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.358027                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                  8088522                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass      7312034      7.78%      7.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu         36353744     38.67%     46.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult            1588      0.00%     46.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     46.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd       14315536     15.23%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp         353578      0.38%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt        4315420      4.59%     66.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult        534296      0.57%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv          71205      0.08%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead        14371781     15.29%     82.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite        2998201      3.19%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess      13374203     14.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total          94001586                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.083212                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 83212159500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3401375316000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               16975650                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 16975647                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              540880923                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1306780                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   153.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2611628494                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2611628494                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       133440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       112384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       284032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     22248832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        51136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        75904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          22911360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       133440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       284032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        51136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       471680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       442944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         442944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         2085                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1756                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         4438                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       347638                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          799                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             357990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         6921                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              6921                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1603612                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      1350572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        36918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        30765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3413347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    267374770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       614526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       912174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            275336683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1603612                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        36918                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3413347                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       614526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         5668402                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        5323068                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             5323068                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        5323068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      1603612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      1350572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        36918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        30765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      3413347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    267374770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       614526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       912174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           280659751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         2176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       487040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         2176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        53184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    268902912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        30848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        73728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         269553088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         2176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        53184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        56384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     72395200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       72395200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         7610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          831                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      4201608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide         1152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            4211767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      1131175                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1131175                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        26150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      5852991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        26150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       639137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data   3231533872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst        12306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       370715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide         886024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           3239347346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        26150                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       639137                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        12306                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          677593                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      870007466                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           870007466                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      870007466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        26150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      5852991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        26150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       639137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data   3231533872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst        12306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       370715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide        886024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          4109354811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      89                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      3769                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     984     34.12%     34.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    123      4.26%     38.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     86      2.98%     41.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.03%     41.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   1690     58.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                2884                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      982     45.21%     45.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     123      5.66%     50.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      86      3.96%     54.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.05%     54.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     980     45.12%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 2172                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             83067819500     99.83%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                9225000      0.01%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4214000      0.01%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              130948000      0.16%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         83212318500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.997967                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.579882                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.753121                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.10%      0.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   54      1.85%      1.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2365     80.85%     82.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    176      6.02%     88.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.03%     88.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     309     10.56%     99.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      0.51%     99.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.07%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  2925                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              362                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.265193                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.420479                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       83139114500     99.91%     99.91% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            75501500      0.09%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      54                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            13077                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          483.054401                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             281960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            20.749135                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   483.054401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.943466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           571187                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          571187                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       143248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         143248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       117005                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        117005                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2459                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2459                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2385                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2385                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       260253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          260253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       260253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         260253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          246                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          246                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          187                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          187                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         13420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13420                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        13420                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       149358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       149358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       124315                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       124315                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2705                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2705                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2572                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2572                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       273673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       273673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       273673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       273673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.040908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.058802                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.058802                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.090943                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.090943                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.072706                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.072706                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.049037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.049037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8377                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             8377                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             5165                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           35197627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5677                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          6200.039986                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.997561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.002432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.001948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.998052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1555823                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1555823                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       770161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         770161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       770161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          770161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       770161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         770161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         5167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         5167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          5167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         5167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         5167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       775328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       775328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       775328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       775328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       775328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       775328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         5165                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             5165                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      87                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      1484                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     351     26.75%     26.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     86      6.55%     33.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.08%     33.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    874     66.62%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                1312                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      351     44.54%     44.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      86     10.91%     55.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.13%     55.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     350     44.42%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  788                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             83156479000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4214000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               44316000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         83205173500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.400458                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.600610                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1138     81.46%     81.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    172     12.31%     93.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      87      6.23%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  1397                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 87                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              260                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          464.992809                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              45086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              646                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            69.792570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   464.992809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.908189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.908189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.753906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            79809                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           79809                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        24944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          24944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        13843                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         13843                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          266                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          266                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          260                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          260                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        38787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           38787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        38787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          38787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           40                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           40                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          380                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          380                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        25284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13883                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13883                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          276                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          276                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          273                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          273                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        39167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        39167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        39167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        39167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.013447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.002881                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002881                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.036232                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.036232                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.047619                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.047619                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.009702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.009702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           10                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               10                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              379                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           25225123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         28311.024691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           227323                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          227323                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       113093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         113093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       113093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          113093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       113093                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         113093                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       113472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       113472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       113472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       113472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       113472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          379                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              379                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                   3086473                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    6213     47.06%     47.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      1      0.01%     47.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     86      0.65%     47.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     47.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   6902     52.28%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               13203                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     6213     49.65%     49.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       1      0.01%     49.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      86      0.69%     50.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     50.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    6212     49.64%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                12513                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             81887510000     98.42%     98.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                  71500      0.00%     98.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4214000      0.01%     98.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     98.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1313422500      1.58%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         83205382500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.900029                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.947739                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      9.09%      9.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      9.09%     18.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         5     45.45%     63.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      9.09%     72.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      9.09%     81.82% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      9.09%     90.91% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        1      9.09%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    11                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   41      0.31%      0.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.01%      0.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                12984     96.87%     97.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    177      1.32%     98.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.01%     98.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     131      0.98%     99.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  20      0.15%     99.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.04%     99.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 41      0.31%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 13403                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              173                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                126                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                127                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  126                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.734104                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.846154                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        2051397000      2.47%      2.47% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         80884557000     97.53%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      41                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          5557436                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.941971                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           30728358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5557931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.528740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   511.941971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.999887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         78120531                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        78120531                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     18557309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       18557309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     10005229                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      10005229                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       986571                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       986571                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1173713                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1173713                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     28562538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        28562538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     28562538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       28562538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5323464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5323464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        47758                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        47758                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       187217                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       187217                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           71                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           71                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5371222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       5371222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5371222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      5371222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     23880773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23880773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     10052987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10052987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1173788                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1173788                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1173784                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1173784                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     33933760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     33933760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     33933760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     33933760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.222918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.222918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.004751                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004751                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.159498                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.159498                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000060                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.158285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.158285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.158285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.158285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1158535                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          1158535                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             8090                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          168626800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             8602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         19603.208556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.999791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        331733661                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       331733661                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    165854688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      165854688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    165854688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       165854688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    165854688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      165854688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         8095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         8095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         8095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          8095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         8095                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         8095                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    165862783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    165862783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    165862783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    165862783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    165862783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    165862783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         8090                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             8090                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      89                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      2310                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     464     29.92%     29.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     86      5.54%     35.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.19%     35.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    998     64.35%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                1551                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      464     45.71%     45.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      86      8.47%     54.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.30%     54.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     462     45.52%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 1015                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             83147474000     99.93%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4214000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               53641500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         83205681000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.462926                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.654417                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.06%      0.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   59      3.45%      3.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.29%      3.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1308     76.40%     80.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    173     10.11%     90.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     155      9.05%     99.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.53%     99.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.12%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                  1712                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              214                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.313084                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.476868                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       82975484500     99.99%     99.99% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.01%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      59                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2336                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          475.457118                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              80842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            29.184838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   475.457118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.928627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.928627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           162419                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          162419                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        48465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          48465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        27222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         27222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          770                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          770                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        75687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           75687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        75687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          75687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          705                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          705                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           53                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           53                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           26                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           26                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          2614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2614                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         2614                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        50374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        50374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        27927                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27927                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        78301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        78301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        78301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        78301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.025244                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025244                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.066085                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.066085                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.032663                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.032663                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.033384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.033384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          972                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              972                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1865                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs            5203720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          2189.196466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.997237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   511.002763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.001948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.998052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           514513                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          514513                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       254459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         254459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       254459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          254459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       254459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         254459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       256324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       256324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       256324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       256324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       256324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       256324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.007276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.007276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.007276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   9                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    73728                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          9                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  751                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 751                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2021                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2021                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         3234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         2310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         2310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         3840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1353                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          621                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         5841                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        73752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        73752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    79593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1155                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                10395                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               10395                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1152                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                3                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1152                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1152                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1152                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         38683                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        19136                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2207                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           41872                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        35624                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         6248                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 738                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              12990                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                672                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               672                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8387                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4238                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4165                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              392                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            200                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             592                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6958                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6958                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           5546                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6706                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        14328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        42829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  59214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       586304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1390171                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        39872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        25464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 2041811                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          9119185                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples           9158760                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.005699                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.083851                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                 9112811     99.50%     99.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   39701      0.43%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    6248      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total             9158760                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      11140890                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5570459                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       130379                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          311858                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       304569                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         7289                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            5522613                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                197                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               197                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1159507                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7589                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          4272436                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              618                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             97                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             715                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             47845                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            47845                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           9960                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       5512643                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        22582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     16547057                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         4927                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         7706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               16582272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       927168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    429850486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       195968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       230664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               431204286                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          4946896                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          16087773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.036048                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.188827                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                15515145     96.44%     96.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  565329      3.51%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    7299      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            16087773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               11780                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3954.058263                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                283940                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               15758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               18.018784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   417.890901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   144.370900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  2094.871830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   439.363028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   857.561603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.102024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.035247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.511443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.107266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.209366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.965346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3978                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0         1264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2601                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.971191                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              311233                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             311233                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8387                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8387                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4238                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         4238                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          444                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             444                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         3047                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          331                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3378                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2697                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          204                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2901                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         3047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               6723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         3047                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3141                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          331                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          204                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              6723                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          377                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          389                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          181                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          190                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6485                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          6512                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2119                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           48                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2167                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3641                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           51                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3692                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            12371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2119                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           78                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           12371                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8387                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8387                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4238                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4238                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          377                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          389                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          181                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          190                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6929                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6956                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         5166                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          379                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         5545                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6338                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          255                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6593                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         5166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        13267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          19094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         5166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        13267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         19094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.935921                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.936170                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.410182                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.126649                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.390803                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.574471                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.559988                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.410182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.763247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.126649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.276596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.647900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.410182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.763247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.126649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.276596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.647900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           3431                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                3431                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             4559387                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4087.776098                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               6622543                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             4562948                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.451374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    74.260707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst    11.767628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  3994.242952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.868268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     5.636544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.018130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.975157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.001376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.997992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3561                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3375                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.869385                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            92692080                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           92692080                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1159507                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1159507                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7589                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         7589                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         5045                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            5110                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2826                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1050                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3876                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1002831                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          708                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      1003539                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1007876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            1012525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2826                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1007876                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1050                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          773                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           1012525                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          556                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          583                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           49                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           66                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        42130                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          593                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total         42723                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5269                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          815                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         6084                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4507736                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1203                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      4508939                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4549866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          4557746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5269                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4549866                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          815                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1796                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         4557746                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1159507                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1159507                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7589                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7589                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          559                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          590                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           50                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        47175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          658                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        47833                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         8095                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1865                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         9960                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5510567                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1911                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      5512478                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         8095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5557742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        5570271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         8095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5557742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       5570271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994633                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.870968                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.988136                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.980000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.944444                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.970588                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.893058                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.901216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.893170                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.650896                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.436997                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.610843                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.818017                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.629513                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.817951                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.650896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.818654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.436997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.699105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.818227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.650896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.818654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.436997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.699105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.818227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        1133552                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             1133552                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                748                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            360632                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               869                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              869                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10731                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          343837                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             459                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           254                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            669                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             7004                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6998                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       359884                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        12504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side        23401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        38725                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1052654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total      1053068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side         3465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         3465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               1095258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       316352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       693632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4371                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1014355                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     23083328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1470                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total     23084798                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side        73920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        73920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               24173073                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         8402251                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples          9131797                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.920080                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.271169                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 729809      7.99%      7.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                8401988     92.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total            9131797                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           4517458                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               197                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              197                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1137347                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3296331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             733                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            49630                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           49618                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4517448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     12485652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side      1057468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     13543120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        26759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total        26759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              13569879                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    341155968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side     23087934                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    364243902                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       840000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total       840000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              365083902                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          370232                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          9485782                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.038996                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.193586                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                9115871     96.10%     96.10% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 369911      3.90%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            9485782                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches0.tags.replacements            6133                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches0.tags.tagsinuse          14.102600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches0.tags.total_refs               105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.sampled_refs            6149                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.avg_refs            0.017076                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.212972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     3.117935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.771214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.450811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.194871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.235701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.881412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.tag_accesses          151156                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches0.tags.data_accesses         151156                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3810                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3810                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::total              5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::total             5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          110                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          112                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5728                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           25                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::total         5753                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2379                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2425                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1152                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::total         8178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8107                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           34                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::total         8178                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3810                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3810                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          110                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5730                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           25                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5755                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2382                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2428                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         1152                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::total         8183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::total         8183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999651                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999652                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998741                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998764                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches0.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::writebacks         3795                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::total            3795                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches1.tags.replacements          360089                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches1.tags.tagsinuse          15.996095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches1.tags.total_refs               174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.sampled_refs          360105                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.avg_refs            0.000483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.448763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.368272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data    11.138351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.030998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.009712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.278048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.023017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.696147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.tag_accesses         5979828                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches1.tags.data_accesses        5979828                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           25                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           25                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::total             25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           25                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::total            25                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           33                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          274                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::total          507                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4438                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       347749                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          799                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1036                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       354022                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       347982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::total       354529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4438                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       347982                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          799                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1310                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::total       354529                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          274                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          507                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4438                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       347774                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          799                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1036                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       354047                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       348007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::total       354554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       348007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::total       354554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999928                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999929                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches1.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::writebacks         6148                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::total            6148                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              152082                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           34049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             127532                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              279614                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           49565                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             199192                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         199344                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               166424408                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             774846                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               774846                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       744370                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          3685                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              31256                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        68277                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              744370                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 3685                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      1031148                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       536744                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         2400                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         2386                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               281067                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             153172                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            127895                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      165649016.583348                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      775391.416652                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.004659                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.995341                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   107730                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        11247      1.45%      1.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           453585     58.50%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            1264      0.16%     60.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           1174      0.15%     60.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.03%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          159268     20.54%     80.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         128135     16.53%     97.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         20428      2.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            775328                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               25560                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              14246                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               39806                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              17803                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          17803                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               166410374                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             113472                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               113472                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       108041                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               4898                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts         7279                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              108041                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       146465                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        85736                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                39893                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              25560                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14333                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      166296998.500739                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      113375.499261                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000681                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999319                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    14716                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass          772      0.68%      0.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            65795     57.98%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             432      0.38%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           26109     23.01%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14333     12.63%     94.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6031      5.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            113472                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits            24592108                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses           3035601                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses        26932401                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           11226799                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses            37048                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       10906368                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits            35818907                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses           3072649                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses        37838769                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits          161894830                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              321                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses      161895151                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               166409665                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts          162790122                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps            162790122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses    138986159                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses       8400953                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            3776306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts     17926688                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts           138986159                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts              8400953                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads    177633971                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    103898244                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads     10800546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes      8400474                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs             39354242                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts           28090172                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          11264070                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      561170.875404                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      165848494.124596                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.996628                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.003372                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                 23691421                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     12916309      7.79%      7.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         71907252     43.35%     51.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult           16418      0.01%     51.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd        6400149      3.86%     55.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              2      0.00%     55.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt        2000004      1.21%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             2      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv             15      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead        30575277     18.43%     74.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       11264379      6.79%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess      30782976     18.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total         165862783                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               50625                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              28706                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               79331                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              41313                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          41438                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               166409730                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             255939                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               255939                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       245042                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           364                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               7784                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        24045                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              245042                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  364                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       328828                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       190269                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          186                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          189                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                80533                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              51514                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             29019                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      166153391.472984                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      256338.527015                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.001540                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.998460                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    35467                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         3601      1.40%      1.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           157410     61.41%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             536      0.21%     63.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     63.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             27      0.01%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           53151     20.74%     83.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          29030     11.33%     95.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess         12566      4.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            256324                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
