
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000359                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   358845000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2259637879000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              288848050                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                288838351                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              977418395                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 749992                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   106039405                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     106039405                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       164992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       104704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            269696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       164992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       164992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        17408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          17408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         2578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               4214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst    459786259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    291780574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            751566832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst    459786259                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       459786259                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       48511196                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            48511196                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       48511196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst    459786259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    291780574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           800078028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        64384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       685120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            749504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        64384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        64384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       543168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         543168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        10705                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              11711                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         8487                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              8487                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst    179420084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data   1909236578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           2088656662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst    179420084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total       179420084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1513656314                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1513656314                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1513656314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst    179420084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data   1909236578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          3602312976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               358650000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 173500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           358823500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          372.252885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   370.536670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.716215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.723704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.003352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.727056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.714844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              312                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses             312                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           81                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             81                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           61                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            61                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total             142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total            142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total             6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           83                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           65                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total          148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total          148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.024096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.061538                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.061538                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.040541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.040541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses              776                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses             776                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total             388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total            388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total          388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total          388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      2366                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     476     49.22%     49.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    491     50.78%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 967                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      474     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     474     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  948                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               336330000     93.70%     93.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               22615500      6.30%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           358945500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.995798                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.965377                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.980352                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1      5.56%      5.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         2     11.11%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         2     11.11%     27.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        1      5.56%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1      5.56%     38.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        1      5.56%     44.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                        3     16.67%     61.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1      5.56%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1      5.56%     72.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                        4     22.22%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                        1      5.56%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                    18                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.09%      0.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  112      9.96%     10.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.44%     10.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  793     70.55%     81.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      2      0.18%     81.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.09%     81.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.09%     81.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     174     15.48%     96.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  31      2.76%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       4      0.36%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  1124                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              286                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                172                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                172                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  172                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.601399                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.751092                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         257457000     71.73%     71.73% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user           101488500     28.27%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     112                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            18805                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.990968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             240773                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            18805                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.803669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    24.289596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   487.701373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.047441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.952542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           537863                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          537863                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       122311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         122311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       114015                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        114015                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2036                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2036                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2229                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2229                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       236326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          236326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       236326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         236326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9365                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9365                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          228                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          228                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        18679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         18679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        18679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        18679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       131625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       123380                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       123380                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2264                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2264                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       255005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       255005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       255005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       255005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.070762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.075904                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.075904                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.100707                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.100707                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.012406                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.012406                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.073250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.073250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            12113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             7398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.966658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             710752                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             7398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            96.073533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    24.905002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   487.061656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.048643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.951292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          326                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1442119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         1442119                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       709958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         709958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       709958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          709958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       709958                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         709958                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         7401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         7401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          7401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         7401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         7401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       717359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       717359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       717359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       717359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       717359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       717359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             7398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                   2                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                  2                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                       4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests             9                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            5                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1423                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1423                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp                  3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                     20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                     264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            34845                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             34592                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.041137                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.198609                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   33169     95.89%     95.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    1423      4.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               34592                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         52539                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        26328                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           46                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            9072                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9064                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              16943                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12113                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7384                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             6661                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               96                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             28                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9269                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9269                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           7401                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          9542                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        22186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        56646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  78832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       946240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1979144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 2925384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            27168                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             79703                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.115090                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.319447                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   70538     88.50%     88.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    9157     11.49%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                       8      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               79703                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            2571.431688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1004.906951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   625.952872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.571864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.245339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.229492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.152821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.627791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2477                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2339                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.604736                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses                  76                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses                 76                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total             1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total                4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total               4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total              4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total             4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               18260                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3991.826177                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 23750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               18260                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.300657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1849.587044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    28.219311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    52.239960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   839.035421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1222.744441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.451559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.006889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.012754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.204843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.298522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.974567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3997                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2889                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.975830                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              447566                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             447566                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12113                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12113                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7384                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         7384                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1020                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1020                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3816                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3816                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4152                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4152                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               8988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3816                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5172                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              8988                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           95                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           95                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         8249                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          8249                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3585                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         3585                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5390                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5390                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            17224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13639                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           17224                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12113                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12113                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7384                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7384                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           96                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9269                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         9269                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         7401                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         7401                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9542                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         9542                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         7401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        18811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          26212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         7401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        18811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         26212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.989583                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989583                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.889956                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.889956                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.484394                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.484394                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.564871                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.564871                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.484394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.725054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.657104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.484394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.725054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.657104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           8765                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                8765                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              4188                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            20                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             28                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq               64                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp              64                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4188                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        12030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        12032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 12052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       289280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       289288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 289552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           27362                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            34592                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.752399                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.431625                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                   8565     24.76%     24.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  26027     75.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              34592                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              8976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8765                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            7185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             109                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            28                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        37797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        12849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        50646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 50656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1372416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       290184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1662600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1662728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                            8902                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            43499                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.204556                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.403382                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  34601     79.54%     79.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                   8898     20.46%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              43499                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse     5.400782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.280333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.548610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.571839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.267521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.034288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.035740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.337549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.187500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses           42                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses           42                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         4449                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.851370                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           21                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         4449                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.004720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.074224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.038124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.047260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     6.354228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     6.337534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.192139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.002383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.002954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.397139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.396096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        73073                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        73073                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          278                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          278                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2578                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1610                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4188                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         4251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2578                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1673                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         4251                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          278                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          278                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           64                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2578                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1614                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4192                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         4256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         4256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.984375                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.984375                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997522                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999046                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          275                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          275                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         4444                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.789550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           18                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         4444                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.004050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.601919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.024419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.060812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     6.675966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     6.426435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.162620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.001526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.003801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.417248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.401652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        73003                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        73003                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          275                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          275                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2578                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1607                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4185                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         4248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2578                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1670                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         4248                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          275                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          275                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2578                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1610                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4188                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         4251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         4251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998137                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999284                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          272                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          272                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse     9.373423                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.252974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.548610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.571839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.515811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.034288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.035740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.585839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.500000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses           42                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses           42                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits                  86                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits                 69                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits                 155                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              4518865488                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts                388                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps                  388                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses          364                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts           32                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts                 364                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads          488                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes          261                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                  156                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts                 86                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts                70                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      4516428780.035583                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      2436707.964417                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.000539                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.999461                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass            7      1.80%      1.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu              198     51.03%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead              95     24.48%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite             71     18.30%     95.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.38%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total               388                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits              132852                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               736                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           43405                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits             125475                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses              149                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  14                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          20608                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              258327                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               885                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   26                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           64013                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             222333                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              331                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         222664                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                  717690                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             716448                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               716448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       689736                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses          3891                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              14413                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        76391                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              689736                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                 3891                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       971248                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       481338                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads         2507                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes         2473                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               260612                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts             134637                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts            125975                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles            717690                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    95631                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass        14762      2.06%      2.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           418188     58.30%     60.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             720      0.10%     60.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd           1218      0.17%     60.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv            230      0.03%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead          138687     19.33%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite         126321     17.61%     97.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         17233      2.40%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            717359                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4189                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          275                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4011                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           18                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           26                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            64                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4189                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        12836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        12836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              12846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       289672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       289672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              289800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        31824                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         39042                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.780595                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.413849                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                8566     21.94%     21.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               30476     78.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           39042                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.184864                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4184864129000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6444875259500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2462070                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2462070                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1217232800                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 766376                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3438.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  8464631455                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    8464631455                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst     13495552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data     19820864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       335552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       270464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          33926464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     13495552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       335552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total     13831104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks     11616128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11616128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst       210868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       309701                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         5243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         4226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::tsunami.ide           63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             530101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       181502                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            181502                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3224848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      4736322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        80182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        64629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::tsunami.ide            963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              8106945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3224848                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        80182                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         3305031                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        2775748                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             2775748                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        2775748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      3224848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      4736322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        80182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        64629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::tsunami.ide           963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            10882693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1433600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data   1554018560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       156736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       875648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide     21919360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total        1578403904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1433600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       156736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total      1590336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks   1088832896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total     1088832896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        22400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data     24281540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         2449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        13682                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide       342490                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total           24662561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks     17013014                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total          17013014                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       342568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    371342656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        37453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       209242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide        5237771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            377169689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       342568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        37453                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          380021                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      260183572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           260183572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      260183572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       342568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    371342656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        37453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       209242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide       5237771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           637353261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    1257                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                   7148469                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                  108202     40.02%     40.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    767      0.28%     40.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   4285      1.58%     41.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      4      0.00%     41.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 157099     58.11%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              270357                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                   108197     48.86%     48.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     767      0.35%     49.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    4285      1.94%     51.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       4      0.00%     51.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                  108193     48.86%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               221446                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            4170146335500     99.65%     99.65% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               56209000      0.00%     99.65% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              209965000      0.01%     99.65% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 509500      0.00%     99.65% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            14451328500      0.35%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        4184864347500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999954                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.688693                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.819087                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                      2472     79.95%     79.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                        15      0.49%     80.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        55      1.78%     82.21% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.03%     82.24% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                      360     11.64%     93.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        1      0.03%     93.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        1      0.03%     93.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      0.03%     93.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                      110      3.56%     97.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        1      0.03%     97.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                        3      0.10%     97.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.03%     97.70% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.03%     97.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::60                        3      0.10%     97.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       48      1.55%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        9      0.29%     99.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        4      0.13%     99.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       1      0.03%     99.84% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::136                       2      0.06%     99.90% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       1      0.03%     99.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::256                       1      0.03%     99.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::257                       1      0.03%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                  3092                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   95      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  651      0.01%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      14      0.00%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               224528      4.60%      4.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                  10657      0.22%      4.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     2      0.00%      4.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%      4.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                   40773      0.84%      5.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                3127      0.06%      5.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                      18      0.00%      5.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique            4600948     94.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total               4880815                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            41424                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user              40056                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel              40056                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                40056                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.966976                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.983211                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       81216671000      1.94%      1.94% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        4103647676500     98.06%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     651                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements         97681928                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.961803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs         3102856331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         97681928                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            31.764896                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   511.961803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.999925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          438                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       6498773019                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      6498773019                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data   1959532392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1959532392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data   1108024401                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    1108024401                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     17598230                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total     17598230                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     17697735                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total     17697735                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data   3067556793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total      3067556793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data   3067556793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total     3067556793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     55214552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     55214552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     42373045                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     42373045                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       103027                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       103027                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1301                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1301                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     97587597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      97587597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     97587597                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     97587597                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   2014746944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   2014746944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   1150397446                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total   1150397446                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     17701257                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total     17701257                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     17699036                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total     17699036                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   3165144390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total   3165144390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   3165144390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total   3165144390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.027405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.036833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.005820                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.005820                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.000074                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.030832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.030832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     82047630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total         82047630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          3131685                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.998287                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         8333170489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          3131685                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          2660.922311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.998282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses      16707721021                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses     16707721021                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   8349162962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     8349162962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   8349162962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      8349162962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   8349162962                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     8349162962                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      3131699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3131699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      3131699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       3131699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      3131699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      3131699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   8352294661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   8352294661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   8352294661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   8352294661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   8352294661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   8352294661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3131685                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          3131685                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    4382                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     80254                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   18104     26.70%     26.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   4285      6.32%     33.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     95      0.14%     33.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  45330     66.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               67814                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    18095     44.71%     44.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    4285     10.59%     55.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      95      0.23%     55.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   18000     44.47%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                40475                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            4182549783000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              209965000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               20064500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2273077500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        4185052890000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999503                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.397088                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.596853                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1      2.00%      2.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         5     10.00%     12.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         5     10.00%     22.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        3      6.00%     28.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1      2.00%     30.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::20                        2      4.00%     34.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::24                        2      4.00%     38.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        1      2.00%     40.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                        9     18.00%     58.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::47                        2      4.00%     62.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        2      4.00%     66.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::54                        1      2.00%     68.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::58                        1      2.00%     70.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        2      4.00%     74.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                        8     16.00%     90.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::73                        2      4.00%     94.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                        2      4.00%     98.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::87                        1      2.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                    50                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  291      0.40%      0.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                      11      0.02%      0.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                58776     81.11%     81.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   8578     11.84%     93.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     93.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     93.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    4658      6.43%     99.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  89      0.12%     99.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      46      0.06%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  7      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 72462                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              470                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                269                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               4479                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                280                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  269                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   11                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.595745                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.002456                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.107321                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         397258000      0.01%      0.01% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user           309773000      0.01%      0.02% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        3783449572000     99.98%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     291                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            41791                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          472.091580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            1722359                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            41791                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            41.213635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   472.091580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.922054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.922054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          482                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          473                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.941406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          5322449                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         5322449                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1616728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1616728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       936073                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        936073                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        16071                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16071                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        16179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2552801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         2552801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2552801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        2552801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        39965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        39965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        10202                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10202                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          545                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          545                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          411                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          411                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        50167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         50167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        50167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        50167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1656693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1656693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       946275                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       946275                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        16616                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16616                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        16590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2602968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2602968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2602968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2602968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.024123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.010781                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010781                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.032800                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.032800                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.024774                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.024774                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.019273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.019273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14057                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            14057                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            47399                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999064                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            5511549                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            47399                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           116.279858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.999064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         15626503                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        15626503                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      7742087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7742087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      7742087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         7742087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      7742087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        7742087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        47443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        47443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        47443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         47443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        47443                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        47443                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      7789530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7789530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      7789530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      7789530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      7789530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      7789530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.006091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.006091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.006091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks        47399                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total            47399                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                2900                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                 24010752                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                       2962                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7184                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7184                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              392072                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             392072                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         3128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         3998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio        18048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        46292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       752220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       752220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  798512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        82296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         4301                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1999                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio        10152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       100924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     24021872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total     24021872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 24122796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               376110                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               376110                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              3384990                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             3384990                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       375168                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       375168                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          942                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              942                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       375168                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       375168                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          375184                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               375184                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests     201637237                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    100821898                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          126                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        21427326                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     21427264                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           62                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                6238                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           58455516                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              12507                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             12507                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     82047630                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean      3131598                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         15634259                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             6971                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1301                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            8272                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq          42366074                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp         42366074                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        3131699                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      55317579                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      9394996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    293103229                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total              302498225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    400851008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side  11502867944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total             11903718952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         82105441                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples         283755485                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.075514                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.264221                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0               262327894     92.45%     92.45% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                21427529      7.55%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      62      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total           283755485                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests        187756                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        90251                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           76                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          254311                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       254295                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           16                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                   4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              87957                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               4397                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              4397                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        14057                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        47374                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            27689                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              611                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            411                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1022                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9591                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9591                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          47443                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         40510                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       142260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       152794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                 295054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      6068288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      4141204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                10209492                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         50476269                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          50664874                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.005024                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.070703                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                50410372     99.50%     99.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  254486      0.50%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      16      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            50664874                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements            25272355                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3963.781253                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs             133977050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs            25272355                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                5.301328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1524.185720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.049811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.097912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   117.765842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  2321.681968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.372116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.028751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.566817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.967720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4074                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3075                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          733                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994629                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses          1680745715                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses         1680745715                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     82047630                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total     82047630                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      3131598                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total      3131598                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     28710566                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total        28710566                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2898397                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      2898397                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     44093221                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     44093221                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2898397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     72803787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total           75702184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2898397                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     72803787                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total          75702184                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6971                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         6971                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1301                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1301                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     13655508                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total      13655508                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       233293                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       233293                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     11224358                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     11224358                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       233293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     24879866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total         25113159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       233293                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     24879866                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total        25113159                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     82047630                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     82047630                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      3131598                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total      3131598                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6971                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         6971                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1301                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1301                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     42366074                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total     42366074                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      3131690                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      3131690                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     55317579                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     55317579                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      3131690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     97683653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total      100815343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      3131690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     97683653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total     100815343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.322322                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.322322                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.074494                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.074494                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.202908                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.202908                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.074494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.254698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.249101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.074494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.254698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.249101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks       17095240                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total            17095240                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               23820                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3869.629613                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 56202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               23820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.359446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   633.497662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     2.359771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     2.001896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst  1957.088301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1274.681983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.154663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.477805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.311202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.944734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3926                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3925                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.958496                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses             1544654                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses            1544654                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        14057                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14057                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        47374                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        47374                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2062                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2062                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        39745                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        39745                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22610                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        22610                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        39745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        24672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              64417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        39745                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        24672                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             64417                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          611                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          611                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          411                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          411                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7529                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          7529                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         7692                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         7692                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        17900                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        17900                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         7692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        25429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            33121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         7692                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        25429                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           33121                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        14057                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14057                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        47374                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        47374                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          611                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          411                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          411                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9591                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         9591                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        47437                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        47437                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        40510                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        40510                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        47437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        50101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          97538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        47437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        50101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         97538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.785007                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.785007                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.162152                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.162152                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.441866                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.441866                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.162152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.507555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.339570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.162152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.507555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.339570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           7145                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                7145                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               6242                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp          11479768                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             16904                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            16904                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     17470771                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         7871041                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            7565                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1636                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           9201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq         13655975                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp        13655975                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     11473526                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       375168                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       375168                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1431457                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     73772443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        37490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     75241390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        38200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         8802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        47002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        97711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      1029741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1127452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total              76415844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     42949760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side   2658366208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        65832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total   2701381800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1029376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        35092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      1064468                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      2084864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     21987200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     24072064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total             2726518332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        56048357                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples        107077914                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.523422                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499451                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2               51030985     47.66%     47.66% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               56046929     52.34%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total          107077914                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp          10848994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              4397                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             4397                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     17013369                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         7650431                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1451                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           612                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2063                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq         13832387                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp        13832387                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     10848990                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        50724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        48747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        99471                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     73940011                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     73940011                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              74039482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1541888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      1065300                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      2607188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port   2665891648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total   2665891648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total             2668498836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                         1154749                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         50510193                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.022802                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.149272                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               49358456     97.72%     97.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                1151737      2.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           50510193                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements     28115282                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.669733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs       186265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs     28115282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.006625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.436871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.025450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     8.207412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.464804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.512963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses    440624723                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses    440624723                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     17289269                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total     17289269                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        65414                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total        65414                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       117648                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       117654                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       183062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total       183068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       183062                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total       183068                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          757                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          757                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          201                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          201                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     13513043                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total     13513043                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        22401                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     10871750                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     10894152                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide       342656                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total       342656                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        22401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     24384793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total     24407195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        22401                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     24384793                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total     24407195                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     17289269                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     17289269                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          757                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          757                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          201                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          201                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     13578457                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total     13578457                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        22407                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     10989398                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     11011806                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       342656                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       342656                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        22407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     24567855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total     24590263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        22407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     24567855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total     24590263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995183                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.995183                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999732                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.989294                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.989316                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.992549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.992555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.992549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.992555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks     17106658                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total     17106658                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         8500                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    10.365146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         8500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.035294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.004414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     5.800401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     4.560330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.362525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.285021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.647822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       204984                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       204984                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          355                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          355                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          257                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          257                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          335                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          335                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          804                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          804                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5243                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9694                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        14937                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        10498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total        15741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5243                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        10498                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total        15741                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          355                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          355                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          257                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          257                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          335                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          335                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          804                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          804                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5243                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9695                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        14938                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        10499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total        15742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        10499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total        15742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999933                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          353                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          353                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         8493                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    10.365142                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         8493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.035676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.001134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     5.800847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     4.563161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.362553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.285198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.647821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       204954                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       204954                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          353                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          353                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          257                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          257                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          335                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          335                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          804                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          804                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5243                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9690                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        14933                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        10494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total        15737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5243                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        10494                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total        15737                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          353                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          353                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          257                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          257                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          335                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          335                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          804                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          804                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5243                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9694                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        14937                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        10498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total        15741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        10498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total        15741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999587                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999732                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          347                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          347                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements     27898363                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.613144                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs       103809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs     27898363                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.003721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.249618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.024180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     8.339346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.453101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.521209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses    437755908                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses    437755908                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     17106658                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total     17106658                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30758                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total        30758                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        70753                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        70754                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       101511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total       101512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       101511                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total       101512                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          761                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          761                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          201                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          201                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     13482281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide       342656                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total     13824937                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        22400                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     10800997                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     10823398                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        22400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     24283278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       342657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total     24648335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        22400                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     24283278                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       342657                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total     24648335                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     17106658                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     17106658                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          761                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          761                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          201                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          201                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     13513039                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       342656                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total     13855695                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        22401                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     10871750                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     10894152                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        22401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     24384789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       342657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total     24749847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        22401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     24384789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       342657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total     24749847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997724                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.997780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999955                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.993492                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.993505                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.995898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.995898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks     17006224                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total     17006224                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits          2027422008                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses           1890310                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses      2012085348                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits         1168143445                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses           369361                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                  28                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses     1126060951                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits          3195565453                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses           2259671                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                   40                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses      3138146299                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits         8211248916                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses             2887                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses     8211251803                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              8369729515                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts         8350034950                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps           8350034950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses   7880759737                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses     337743152                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls          136295026                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts   1096184519                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts          7880759737                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts            337743152                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads  11107695375                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes   5474454807                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads    418322442                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes    216520251                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs           3202863933                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts         2034344761                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts        1168519172                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      17431868.845985                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      8352297646.154015                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.997917                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.002083                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches               1288796966                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass    196331388      2.35%      2.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu       4584371577     54.89%     57.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult        57830639      0.69%     57.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     57.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd      190515058      2.28%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp       47040492      0.56%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt            181      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult      24039997      0.29%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv        1515897      0.02%     61.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt       1183215      0.01%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead      2052207987     24.57%     85.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite     1168567415     13.99%     99.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess      28690815      0.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total        8352294661                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits             1670998                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses              2051                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    5                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses          123127                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits             966663                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses              194                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  23                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          58464                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits             2637661                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses              2245                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   28                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses          181591                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits            1551678                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses             1139                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses        1552817                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              8370110162                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts            7787257                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps              7787257                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses      7452786                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses         11677                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls             298803                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts       600328                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts             7452786                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                11677                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads     10213280                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes      5817041                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads         7139                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes         7010                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs              2647506                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts            1675369                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts            972137                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      8362323519.717959                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      7786642.282041                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000930                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999070                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                  1043550                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass        71180      0.91%      0.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu          4662561     59.86%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult           26134      0.34%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd           2757      0.04%     61.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              3      0.00%     61.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv            518      0.01%     61.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead         1709134     21.94%     83.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite         972642     12.49%     95.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess        344601      4.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total           7789530                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       10909093                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           4397                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          4397                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     17107011                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      7649641                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1018                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          536                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1554                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      13856499                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp     13856499                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     10909089                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     74250995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     74250995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        48743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        48743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total           74299738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side   2678816320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total   2678816320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      1065108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      1065108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total          2679881428                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                     29079333                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples      78603079                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.369895                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.482776                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1            49528195     63.01%     63.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2            29074884     36.99%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total        78603079                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  6.318610                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                6318610388500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12763485648000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                3145069                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  3145069                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              602709161                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 769448                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10483.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 32971898289                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   32971898289                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst     11358720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data   3668537920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst      7224064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data   3551285248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total        7238405952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     11358720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      7224064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total     18582784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks   1956396096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total     1956396096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst       177480                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data     57320905                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst       112876                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data     55488832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total          113100093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks     30568689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total          30568689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1797661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    580592519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1143299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    562035801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1145569280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1797661                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1143299                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         2940961                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      309624423                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           309624423                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      309624423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      1797661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    580592519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      1143299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    562035801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1455193703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      8867200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data   1030909248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst      7023616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data    936808000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total        1983624448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      8867200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      7023616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total     15890816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    123969984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      123969984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst       138550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data     16107957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst       109744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data     14637625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total           30994132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      1937031                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1937031                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1403347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    163154426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1111576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    148261713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide           2593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            313933654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1403347                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1111576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         2514923                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       19619818                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            19619818                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       19619818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      1403347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    163154426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      1111576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    148261713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide          2593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           333553472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     343                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                  26354982                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                  126063     39.65%     39.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    118      0.04%     39.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   6470      2.04%     41.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    228      0.07%     41.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 185042     58.20%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              317921                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                   126063     48.72%     48.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     118      0.05%     48.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    6470      2.50%     51.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     228      0.09%     51.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                  125853     48.64%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               258732                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            6308217231000     99.84%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                8836000      0.00%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              317030000      0.01%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               27084000      0.00%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            10040112500      0.16%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        6318610293500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.680132                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.813825                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         2      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                        82      0.11%      0.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         2      0.00%      0.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        4      0.01%      0.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        6      0.01%      0.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        2      0.00%      0.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        6      0.01%      0.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::256                   23920     33.29%     33.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::257                   47840     66.57%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                 71864                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  452      0.11%      0.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  500      0.12%      0.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               219284     54.26%     54.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                  13036      3.23%     57.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                   91821     22.72%     80.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys               72815     18.02%     98.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     98.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique               6210      1.54%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                404120                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            92321                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user              91353                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel              91353                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                91353                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.989515                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.994730                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      145226987000      2.30%      2.30% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        6173383306500     97.70%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     500                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements        100434935                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.938164                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs         4656482695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        100434935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            46.363177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   511.938164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.999879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       9614384551                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      9614384551                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data   3157290131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     3157290131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data   1498728677                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    1498728677                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       135475                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       135475                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       161433                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       161433                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data   4656018808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total      4656018808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data   4656018808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total     4656018808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     91110898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     91110898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      9503993                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      9503993                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        29484                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        29484                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3381                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3381                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data    100614891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total     100614891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data    100614891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total    100614891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   3248401029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3248401029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   1508232670                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total   1508232670                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       164959                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       164959                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       164814                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       164814                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   4756633699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total   4756633699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   4756633699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total   4756633699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.028048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.006301                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006301                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.178735                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.178735                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.020514                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.020514                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.021153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.021153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     26213984                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total         26213984                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements         26012877                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs        12393769956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs         26012877                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           476.447490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          284                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses      24841027561                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses     24841027561                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst  12381494465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    12381494465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst  12381494465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total     12381494465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst  12381494465                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total    12381494465                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst     26012877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     26012877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst     26012877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total      26012877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst     26012877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total     26012877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst  12407507342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total  12407507342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst  12407507342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total  12407507342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst  12407507342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total  12407507342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks     26012877                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total         26012877                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     685                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                  40520376                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   29055     26.36%     26.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   6470      5.87%     32.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    452      0.41%     32.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  74238     67.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total              110215                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    29055     44.99%     44.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    6470     10.02%     55.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     452      0.70%     55.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   28611     44.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                64588                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            6313902318000     99.93%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              317030000      0.01%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               54258000      0.00%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31             4283037500      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        6318556643500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.385396                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.586018                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  228      0.19%      0.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  906      0.74%      0.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                95310     78.26%     79.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                  12976     10.65%     89.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    7983      6.55%     96.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                1042      0.86%     97.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     97.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique               3338      2.74%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                121785                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             7760                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user               7298                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               1129                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel               7714                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                 7298                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  416                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.994072                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.368468                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.953111                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        5218492500      0.08%      0.08% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        6077489367500     90.45%     90.52% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        636750567000      9.48%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     906                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements         95132868                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.029166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs         4450724887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         95132868                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            46.784303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   511.029166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.998104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          474                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.962891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       9185725968                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      9185725968                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data   3048300971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     3048300971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data   1401498722                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    1401498722                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22356                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22356                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        28020                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        28020                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data   4449799693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total      4449799693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data   4449799693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total     4449799693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     89131189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     89131189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      6200813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      6200813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9997                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9997                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4130                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4130                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     95332002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      95332002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     95332002                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     95332002                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   3137432160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3137432160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   1407699535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total   1407699535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        32353                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        32353                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        32150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        32150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   4545131695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total   4545131695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   4545131695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total   4545131695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.028409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.004405                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004405                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.308998                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.308998                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.128460                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.128460                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.020975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.020975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     22538528                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         22538528                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements         24964104                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs        11735091698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs         24964104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           470.078626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      24357151012                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     24357151012                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst  12141129350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    12141129350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst  12141129350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total     12141129350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst  12141129350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total    12141129350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst     24964104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     24964104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst     24964104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total      24964104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst     24964104                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total     24964104                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst  12166093454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total  12166093454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst  12166093454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total  12166093454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst  12166093454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total  12166093454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks     24964104                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total         24964104                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    16384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  732                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 732                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               15092                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              15092                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        28852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        31128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   31648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       115408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1254                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          578                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       117412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        16416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        16416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   133828                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                  260                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                  260                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                 2340                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                2340                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks             240                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                  240                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests     253108445                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    126637961                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        28443160                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     28443156                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 728                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp          117153987                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               7686                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              7686                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     26213984                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean     26012877                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         74220949                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           186768                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           3381                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          190149                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           9317225                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          9317225                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       26012877                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      91140382                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     78038631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    301747273                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total              379785904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   3329648256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   8107042036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total             11436690292                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                        248016133                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples         500925690                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.056781                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.231424                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0               472482526     94.32%     94.32% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                28443160      5.68%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total           500925690                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests     240407205                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    120109529                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           45                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       103989258                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops    103989255                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp          114105290                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               7150                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              7150                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     22538528                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean     24964068                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         72594331                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             8427                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           4130                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           12557                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           6192386                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          6192386                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       24964104                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      89141186                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     74892276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    285839417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total              360731693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   3195403008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   7543871600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total             10739274608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                        350733202                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples         591114787                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.175921                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.380753                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0               487125439     82.41%     82.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1               103989345     17.59%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                       3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total           591114787                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements            74004108                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            4056.216458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs             169552605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs            74004108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                2.291124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   724.324939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   139.903524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  3191.987995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.176837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.034156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.779294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.990287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4060                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1587                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.991211                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses          2108216527                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses         2108216527                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     26213984                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total     26213984                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     26012877                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total     26012877                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      2407203                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total         2407203                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     25696847                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total     25696847                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     24589935                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     24589935                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     25696847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     26997138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total           52693985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     25696847                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     26997138                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total          52693985                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       186768                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total       186768                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3381                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         3381                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      6910022                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total       6910022                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       316030                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       316030                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     66550447                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     66550447                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       316030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     73460469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total         73776499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       316030                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     73460469                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total        73776499                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     26213984                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     26213984                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     26012877                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total     26012877                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       186768                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       186768                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3381                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         3381                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      9317225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      9317225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     26012877                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     26012877                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     91140382                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     91140382                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     26012877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    100457607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total      126470484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     26012877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    100457607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total     126470484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.741639                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.741639                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.012149                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.012149                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.730197                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.730197                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.012149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.731258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.583350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.012149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.731258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.583350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks       17645590                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total            17645590                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements            70541989                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4053.140488                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs             163533914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs            70541989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.318249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   747.136354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.018329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.018339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   143.229619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  3162.737847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.182406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.034968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.772153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.989536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4040                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          767                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses          2000193123                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses         2000193123                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     22538528                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total     22538528                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     24964068                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total     24964068                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2097270                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total         2097270                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst     24741484                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total     24741484                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     22894491                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     22894491                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst     24741484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data     24991761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total           49733245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst     24741484                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data     24991761                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total          49733245                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         8427                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         8427                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4130                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         4130                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4095116                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total       4095116                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       222620                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       222620                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     66246695                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     66246695                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       222620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     70341811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total         70564431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       222620                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     70341811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total        70564431                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     22538528                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     22538528                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     24964068                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total     24964068                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         8427                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         8427                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4130                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4130                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      6192386                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      6192386                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst     24964104                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     24964104                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     89141186                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     89141186                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst     24964104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     95333572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total      120297676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst     24964104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     95333572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total     120297676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.661315                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.661315                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008918                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.008918                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.743166                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.743166                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.737849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.586582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.737849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.586582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks       14872599                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total            14872599                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp         119003283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             14836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            14836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     31904404                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict        97040451                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          195804                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          6435                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         202239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq         10569019                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp        10569019                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq    119002555                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    172646010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     48777250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        16828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    221440088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    167068957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        14300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total    167083257                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total          776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total             388524121                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port   4724901312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side   1125838656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        60212                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total   5850800180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port   4483707008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        57200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total   4483764208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        15616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        15616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total            10334580004                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        62401963                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples        321527365                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.194045                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.395464                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2              259136562     80.60%     80.60% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               62390803     19.40%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total          321527365                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp          81581790                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              7150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             7150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16206408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict        69907277                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           13972                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          5019                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          18991                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          5235028                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         5235028                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     81581790                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     44032012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side    167260104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    211292116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     48507487                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     48507487                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total             259799603                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    982879680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side   4485146480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total   5468026160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port   1125517504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total   1125517504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total             6593543664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                       247675565                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples        421101815                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.588100                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.492177                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1              173451747     41.19%     41.19% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2              247650068     58.81%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total          421101815                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements     16441302                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.764658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs        21510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs     16441302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.001308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.378944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.170169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    13.215544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.148684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.010636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.825971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses    277711380                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses    277711380                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1335715                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1335715                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          178                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          178                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2135                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2135                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total         2313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2313                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total         2313                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5530                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         5530                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          889                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          889                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1140269                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total      1140269                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       138550                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     14974622                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     15113172                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total          256                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       138550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     16114891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total     16253441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       138550                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     16114891                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total     16253441                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1335715                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1335715                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5530                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         5530                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          889                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          889                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1140447                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1140447                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       138550                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     14976757                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     15115307                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       138550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     16117204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total     16255754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       138550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     16117204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total     16255754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999857                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999859                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks      1334976                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total      1334976                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements     66225554                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.548981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs        12252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs     66225554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.000185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.919826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.165094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     8.464061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.432489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.529004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.971811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses    961496557                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses    961496557                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     14269377                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total     14269377                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1611                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total         1611                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4135                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4135                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total         5746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5746                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total         5746                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4759                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         4759                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3054                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         3054                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3664867                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total      3664867                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       112876                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     52026654                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     52139530                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       112876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     55691521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total     55804397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       112876                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     55691521                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total     55804397                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     14269377                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     14269377                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4759                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         4759                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3054                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         3054                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3666478                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      3666478                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       112876                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     52030789                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     52143665                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       112876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     55697267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total     55810143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       112876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     55697267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total     55810143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999561                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999561                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999921                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks     14263625                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total     14263625                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements     66216933                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.524459                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs        11393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs     66216933                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.000172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.994416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.186031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     8.344012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.437151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.011627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.521501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.970279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses    961393773                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses    961393773                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     14263625                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total     14263625                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1593                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total         1593                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3456                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         3456                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total         5049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5049                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total         5049                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4759                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         4759                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3054                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         3054                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3663274                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total      3663274                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       112876                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     52023198                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     52136074                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       112876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     55686472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total     55799348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       112876                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     55686472                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total     55799348                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     14263625                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     14263625                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4759                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         4759                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3054                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         3054                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3664867                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      3664867                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       112876                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     52026654                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     52139530                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       112876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     55691521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total     55804397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       112876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     55691521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total     55804397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999565                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999565                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999934                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999934                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks     14258574                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total     14258574                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements     16441127                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.748479                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs         9768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs     16441127                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.000594                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.420291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.179891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    13.148297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.151268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.011243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.821769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses    277674342                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses    277674342                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1334976                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1334976                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          598                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          598                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          697                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          697                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total         1295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1295                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total         1295                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5530                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         5530                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          889                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          889                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1139671                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total      1139927                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       138550                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     14973925                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     15112475                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       138550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     16113596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total     16252402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       138550                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     16113596                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total     16252402                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1334976                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1334976                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5530                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         5530                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          889                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          889                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1140269                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1140525                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       138550                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     14974622                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     15113172                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       138550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     16114891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total     16253697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       138550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     16114891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total     16253697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999476                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999476                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999953                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999954                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks      1333809                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total      1333809                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits          3233469046                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses          23368736                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses      3247293075                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits         1508488342                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses          2573974                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses     1491803002                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits          4741957388                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses          25942710                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses      4739096077                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits        12351870412                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses             1336                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses    12351871748                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles             12637221120                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts        12381564632                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps          12381564632                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses   7368172537                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses    8771601535                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls           64264968                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts    317451344                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts          7368172537                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts           8771601535                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads  17457160767                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes   2847562780                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads  10894685043                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes   7411090369                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs           4783006418                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts         3271935452                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts        1511070966                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      229712444.306828                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      12407508675.693172                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.981823                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.018177                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                401268065                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass    165435787      1.33%      1.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu       2332125005     18.80%     20.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult         1970059      0.02%     20.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     20.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd     2421918849     19.52%     39.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp      111986391      0.90%     40.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt       30171969      0.24%     40.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult    2274933755     18.34%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv       14037170      0.11%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt       9955491      0.08%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead      3272161344     26.37%     85.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite     1511097433     12.18%     97.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess     261714089      2.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total       12407507342                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits          3113961217                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses          35114056                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses      3146517347                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits         1407736950                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses          5277196                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses     1411571326                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits          4521698167                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses          40391252                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses      4558088673                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits        12156454570                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              417                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses    12156454987                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles             12637113972                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts        12125702202                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps          12125702202                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses   7232722827                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses    8469334709                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls           55650830                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts    328403143                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts          7232722827                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts           8469334709                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads  16931113862                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes   2869293692                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads  10521408154                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes   7170836585                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs           4585602583                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts         3172578569                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts        1413024014                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      471123609.210103                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      12165990362.789898                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.962719                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.037281                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                402713919                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass    208653959      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu       2275450607     18.70%     20.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult           49735      0.00%     20.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     20.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd     2327145896     19.13%     39.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp      105052679      0.86%     40.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt       21259260      0.17%     40.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult    2217273553     18.23%     58.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv       12661654      0.10%     58.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt       8417706      0.07%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead      3172636941     26.08%     85.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite     1413024718     11.61%     96.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess     404466746      3.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total       12166093454                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       67252702                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           7150                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          7150                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     15598601                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict     56256379                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        10289                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         3943                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        14232                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       4805392                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      4805392                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     67252702                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     48771072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     48771072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side    167242860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total    167242860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total          216013932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side   1125675072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total   1125675072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side   4484410608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total   4484410608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total          5610085680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                    227410684                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples     371308471                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.612359                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.487212                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1           143934456     38.76%     38.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2           227374015     61.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total       371308471                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.548414                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                548413701500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               13311899349500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               77142102                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 77142100                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1241762168                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 770472                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   441.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 34069151507                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   34069151507                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       997504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data     16442304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       137920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       132032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          17709760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       997504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       137920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      1135424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks     15704320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       15704320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        15586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       256911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         2155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         2063                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             276715                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       245380                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            245380                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1818890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     29981570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       251489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       240753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             32292702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1818890                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       251489                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         2070379                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       28635900                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            28635900                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       28635900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      1818890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     29981570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       251489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       240753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            60928602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       251904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    224002048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        29504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       599488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         224882944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       251904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        29504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       281408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    102726144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      102726144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         3936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data      3500032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         9367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            3513796                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      1605096                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1605096                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       459332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    408454507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        53799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      1093131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            410060769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       459332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        53799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          513131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      187315057                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           187315057                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      187315057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       459332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    408454507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        53799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      1093131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           597375826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    618671                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   69974     47.06%     47.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                   2424      1.63%     48.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    562      0.38%     49.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.00%     49.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  75738     50.93%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              148699                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    69974     48.96%     48.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                    2424      1.70%     50.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     562      0.39%     51.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.00%     51.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   69974     48.96%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               142935                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            535988653500     97.77%     97.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21              181737000      0.03%     97.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               27538000      0.01%     97.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 173500      0.00%     97.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            12004652000      2.19%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        548202754000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.923896                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.961237                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1      0.06%      0.06% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      0.06%      0.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                        99      5.69%      5.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        18      1.04%      6.84% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1      0.06%      6.90% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       34      1.96%      8.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.06%      8.91% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        1      0.06%      8.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                       21      1.21%     10.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      0.06%     10.24% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::121                    1561     89.76%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                  1739                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   10      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  155      0.10%      0.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      0.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               140948     87.73%     87.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   8312      5.17%     93.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     93.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4765      2.97%     95.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                1749      1.09%     97.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       6      0.00%     97.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique               4707      2.93%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                160656                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             4921                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               2310                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               2311                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 2310                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.469620                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.639054                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       28899959000      5.27%      5.27% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        519236603500     94.73%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     155                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          4597277                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.954341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          365212111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4597679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            79.434017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   511.954341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.999911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        744134845                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       744134845                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    218034533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      218034533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    144580104                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     144580104                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1271545                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1271545                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1283946                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1283946                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data    362614637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       362614637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data    362614637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      362614637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      4262592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4262592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       319163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       319163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        16662                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        16662                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          156                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          156                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      4581755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       4581755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      4581755                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      4581755                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    222297125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    222297125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    144899267                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    144899267                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1288207                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1288207                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1284102                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1284102                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    367196392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    367196392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    367196392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    367196392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.019175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.002203                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002203                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.012934                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.012934                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.012478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.012478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2350767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          2350767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           533872                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999942                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1099622086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           534384                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          2057.737668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2193072131                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      2193072131                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1095735250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1095735250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1095735250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1095735250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1095735250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1095735250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       533877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       533877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       533877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        533877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       533877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       533877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1096269127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1096269127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1096269127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1096269127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1096269127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1096269127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       533872                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           533872                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     571                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     11875                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    2656     28.17%     28.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    562      5.96%     34.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     10      0.11%     34.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   6202     65.77%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                9430                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     2654     45.21%     45.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     562      9.57%     54.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      10      0.17%     54.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    2644     45.04%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 5870                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            548138632000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               27538000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1961000      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              318446500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        548486577500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999247                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.426314                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.622481                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1      6.25%      6.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1      6.25%     12.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         2     12.50%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        1      6.25%     31.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        1      6.25%     37.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                        3     18.75%     56.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1      6.25%     62.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1      6.25%     68.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                        4     25.00%     93.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                        1      6.25%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                    16                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  121      1.19%      1.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.05%      1.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 8118     80.00%     81.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1126     11.10%     92.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.01%     92.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     740      7.29%     99.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  26      0.26%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       4      0.04%     99.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  5      0.05%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 10147                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              277                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                166                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                583                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                169                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  166                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    3                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.610108                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.005146                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.329435                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         231496000      0.04%      0.04% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            83992500      0.02%      0.06% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        548176723500     99.94%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     121                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            18104                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          493.533945                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             495146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            18616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            26.597873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   493.533945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.963933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          462                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1023171                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1023171                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       280632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         280632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       195089                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        195089                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3352                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3352                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3460                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3460                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       475721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          475721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       475721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         475721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        11147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7989                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7989                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          219                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          219                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          105                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          105                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        19136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         19136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        19136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        19136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       291779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       291779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       203078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       203078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3571                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3571                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       494857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       494857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       494857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       494857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.038204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.039340                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039340                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.061327                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.061327                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.029453                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.029453                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.038670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.038670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9583                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             9583                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             9402                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          409741570                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             9913                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         41333.760718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.999906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          333                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2887791                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         2887791                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1429791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1429791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1429791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         1429791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1429791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        1429791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         9403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         9403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          9403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         9403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         9403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1439194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1439194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1439194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      1439194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1439194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      1439194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.006534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.006534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.006534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         9402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             9402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   4                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    32768                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                14543                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               14543                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               11533                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              11533                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         7142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio        19376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        24560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        51126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         1026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         1026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   52152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        28568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio        26642                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        12280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        67517                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        32776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        32776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   100293                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                  513                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                 4617                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                4617                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total          512                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                1                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total          512                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks             512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                  512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests      10263599                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5132284                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            4                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         6927923                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      6927917                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            6                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               14542                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            4827673                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              10448                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             10448                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2350767                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean       533871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2246507                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              974                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            156                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1130                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            318189                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           318189                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         533877                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       4279254                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1601625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     13844400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               15446025                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     68335872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    444748373                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total               513084245                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         13984396                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          24272107                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.285428                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.451619                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                17344171     71.46%     71.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                 6927930     28.54%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       6      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            24272107                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         56369                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        27783                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           48                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           22069                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        22060                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            9                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              20769                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                573                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               573                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9583                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         9387                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             8489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              170                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            105                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             275                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7819                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7819                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           9403                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         11366                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        28193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        58138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  86331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1202560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1845736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 3048296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          7603545                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples           7660088                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.002895                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.053749                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                 7637921     99.71%     99.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   22158      0.29%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                       9      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total             7660088                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements             3787059                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3967.356890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               6161103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs             3789764                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                1.625722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1524.181096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   380.489224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  2062.686570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.372115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.092893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.503586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.968593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2705                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2683                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.660400                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses            86215200                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses           86215200                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2350767                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      2350767                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       533871                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total       533871                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        87997                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total           87997                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       514353                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       514353                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       751515                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       751515                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       514353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       839512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            1353865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       514353                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       839512                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           1353865                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          974                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          974                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          156                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          156                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       230192                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total        230192                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        19524                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        19524                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3527739                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3527739                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        19524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3757931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total          3777455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        19524                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3757931                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total         3777455                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2350767                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2350767                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       533871                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total       533871                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          974                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          974                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          156                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       318189                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       318189                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       533877                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       533877                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      4279254                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4279254                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       533877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      4597443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total        5131320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       533877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      4597443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total       5131320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.723444                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.723444                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.036570                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.036570                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.824382                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.824382                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.036570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.817396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.736157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.036570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.817396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.736157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks        1847032                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total             1847032                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               14914                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4006.215697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 36182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               18916                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.912772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   304.525979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   248.154104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  3453.535614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.074347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.060584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.843148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.978080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4002                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          924                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2953                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977051                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              474546                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             474546                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9583                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9583                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         9387                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         9387                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          831                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             831                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         6786                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         6786                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5308                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         5308                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         6786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         6139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              12925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         6786                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         6139                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             12925                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          170                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          170                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          105                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          105                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6988                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6988                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2616                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2616                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6058                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6058                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            15662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2616                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13046                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           15662                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9583                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9583                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         9387                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         9387                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          170                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          105                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          105                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         7819                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7819                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         9402                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         9402                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        11366                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        11366                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         9402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        19185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          28587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         9402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        19185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         28587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.893720                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.893720                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.278239                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.278239                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.532993                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.532993                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.278239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.680010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.547871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.278239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.680010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.547871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           3618                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                3618                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq              14542                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           3566380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             11021                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            11021                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1847737                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1929907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1022                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           228                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1250                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           230690                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          230690                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3551838                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       814122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     10513235                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        49980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     11377337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        17329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        18475                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         1538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total              11397350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     33111104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side    326855232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        62933                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    360029269                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       337792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       342376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        31744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        32832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              360404477                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        10183107                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         17777146                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.572771                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.494676                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                7594917     42.72%     42.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               10182229     57.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           17777146                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           3488806                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               573                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              573                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1605291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1909519                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             403                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           142                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            545                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            30935                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           30935                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3488806                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        28003                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        18975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        46978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     10509550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     10509550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              10556528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       893504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       342632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1236136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    326770496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total    326770496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              328006632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          581633                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          7618891                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.076301                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.265479                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                7037563     92.37%     92.37% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 581328      7.63%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            7618891                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements      5082715                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.963579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs      5082727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.000078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.384662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.017402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    14.561515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.086541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.910095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses     61172753                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses     61172753                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1602357                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1602357                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          326                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          327                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          342                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total          343                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          196                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          196                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        24000                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        24000                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3937                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3476492                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3480429                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3500492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total      3504429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3937                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3500492                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total      3504429                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1602357                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1602357                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          196                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          196                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        24016                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        24016                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         3938                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3476818                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3480756                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         3938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3500834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total      3504772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         3938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3500834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total      3504772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999334                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999334                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999746                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999906                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999906                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks      1602000                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total      1602000                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         3932                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    12.098409                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           84                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         3948                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.021277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.357755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     8.706543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.034111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.022360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.544159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.189632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.756151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       106361                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       106361                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          195                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          195                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           35                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          511                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          511                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2155                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2420                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4575                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         5086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2155                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2931                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         5086                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          195                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          195                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           35                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          512                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          512                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2155                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2420                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4575                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         5087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         5087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998047                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998047                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          195                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          195                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         3931                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    12.098369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           83                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         3947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.021029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.744049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     8.341502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.012817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.046503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.521344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.188301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.756148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       106352                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       106352                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          195                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          195                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           35                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          511                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          511                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2155                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2419                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4574                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         5085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2155                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2930                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         5085                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          195                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          195                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           35                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          511                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          511                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2155                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2420                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4575                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         5086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         5086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999587                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999781                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          193                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          193                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements      5082063                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.956011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs          366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs      5082078                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.000072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.404691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.020939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    14.530380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.087793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.908149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses     61166476                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses     61166476                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1602000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1602000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          296                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          297                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total          313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          312                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total          313                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          196                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          196                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        23984                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        23984                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3936                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3476196                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3480132                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3500180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total      3504116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3936                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3500180                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total      3504116                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1602000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1602000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          196                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          196                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        24000                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        24000                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         3937                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3476492                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3480429                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         3937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3500492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total      3504429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         3937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3500492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total      3504429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999746                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999915                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999915                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks      1601673                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total      1601673                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits           223528997                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses            449975                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses       215244430                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits          146197547                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses             4241                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                  14                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses      139774329                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits           369726544                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses            454216                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                   14                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses       355018759                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits         1040103636                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              799                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses     1040104435                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              1096405313                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts         1095814897                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps           1095814897                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    986880840                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses       6256694                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls           69994171                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts    113331022                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           986880840                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts              6256694                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads   1314573941                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    687200627                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads      3126645                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes      3125687                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs            370252689                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts          224049849                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts         146202840                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      557266.597597                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      1095848046.402403                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.999492                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.000508                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                194878600                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     95742235      8.73%      8.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        623436544     56.87%     65.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult          163206      0.01%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           3797      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp             77      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt            182      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv             23      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead       225519621     20.57%     86.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite      146207647     13.34%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess       5195794      0.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total        1096269127                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits              294279                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               703                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           35966                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits             207020                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses              144                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  14                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          16430                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              501299                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               847                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   26                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           52396                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             303697                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              283                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         303980                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              1096974119                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts            1438321                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps              1438321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses      1378673                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses          4115                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              46380                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts       122432                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts             1378673                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                 4115                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads      1910907                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes      1036031                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads         2619                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes         2609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               504179                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts             296065                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts            208114                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      1095535021.524341                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      1439097.475659                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.001312                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.998688                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                   190241                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass        18235      1.27%      1.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           848797     58.98%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult            3819      0.27%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd           1202      0.08%     60.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv            230      0.02%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead          303078     21.06%     81.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite         208196     14.47%     96.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         55637      3.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total           1439194                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        3485004                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            573                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           573                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1602195                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      1908129                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          231                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          109                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          340                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         24511                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        24511                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3485004                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     10512207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     10512207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        18973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        18973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total           10531180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side    326811456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total    326811456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       342568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       342568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total           327154024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      5678099                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples      12697662                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.447083                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.497192                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1             7020752     55.29%     55.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2             5676910     44.71%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total        12697662                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
