
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000359                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   358822000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2259637308000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               45025951                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 45024313                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              152352638                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 751520                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   106038263                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     106038263                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       164928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       104704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            269632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       164928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       164928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        17408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          17408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         2577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               4213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst    459637369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    291799277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            751436645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst    459637369                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       459637369                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       48514305                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            48514305                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       48514305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst    459637369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    291799277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           799950951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        64384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       685184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            749568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        64384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        64384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       543424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         543424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        10706                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              11712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         8491                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              8491                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst    179431584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data   1909537319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           2088968904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst    179431584                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total       179431584                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1514466783                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1514466783                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1514466783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst    179431584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data   1909537319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          3603435687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               358627000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 173500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           358800500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          372.181701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   370.465377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.716325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.723565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.003352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.726917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.714844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              312                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses             312                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           81                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             81                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           61                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            61                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total             142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total            142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total             6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           83                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           65                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total          148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total          148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.024096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.061538                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.061538                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.040541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.040541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses              776                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses             776                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total             388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total            388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total          388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total          388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      2366                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     476     49.22%     49.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    491     50.78%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 967                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      474     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     474     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  948                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               336307000     93.70%     93.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               22615500      6.30%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           358922500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.995798                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.965377                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.980352                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1      5.56%      5.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         2     11.11%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         2     11.11%     27.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        1      5.56%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1      5.56%     38.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        1      5.56%     44.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                        3     16.67%     61.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1      5.56%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1      5.56%     72.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                        4     22.22%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                        1      5.56%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                    18                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.09%      0.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  112      9.96%     10.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.44%     10.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  793     70.55%     81.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      2      0.18%     81.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.09%     81.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.09%     81.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     174     15.48%     96.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  31      2.76%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       4      0.36%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  1124                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              286                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                172                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                172                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  172                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.601399                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.751092                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         257434000     71.72%     71.72% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user           101488500     28.28%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     112                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            18807                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.990968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             240774                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            18807                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.802361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    24.188787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   487.802181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.047244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.952739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           537871                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          537871                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       122307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         122307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       114017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        114017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2036                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2036                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2229                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2229                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       236324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          236324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       236324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         236324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          228                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          228                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        18684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         18684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        18684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        18684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       131623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       123385                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       123385                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2264                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2264                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       255008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       255008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       255008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       255008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.070778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.075925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.075925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.100707                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.100707                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.012406                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.012406                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.073268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.073268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            12118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             7397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.966656                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             710707                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             7397                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            96.080438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    24.902240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   487.064416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.048637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.951298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          326                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1442026                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         1442026                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       709913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         709913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       709913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          709913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       709913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         709913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         7400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         7400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          7400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         7400                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         7400                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       717313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       717313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       717313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       717313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       717313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       717313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7397                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             7397                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                   2                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                  2                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                       4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests             9                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            5                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1429                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1429                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp                  3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                     20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                     264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            34855                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             34598                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.041303                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.198993                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   33169     95.87%     95.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    1429      4.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               34598                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         52544                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        26332                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           46                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            9076                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9068                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              16944                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12118                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7383                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             6658                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               99                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             28                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             127                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9269                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9269                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           7400                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          9544                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        22183                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        56658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  78841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       946112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1979592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 2925704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            27170                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             79710                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.115130                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.319495                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   70541     88.50%     88.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    9161     11.49%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                       8      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               79710                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            2563.967119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1000.442990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   621.952228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.571901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.244249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.229736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.151844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.625969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2469                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2331                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.602783                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses                  76                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses                 76                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total             1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total                4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total               4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total              4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total             4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               18264                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3991.835236                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 23748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               18264                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.300263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1851.282482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    28.225011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    52.259179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   838.159978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1221.908585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.451973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.006891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.012759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.204629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.298318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.974569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3997                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2889                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.975830                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              447613                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             447613                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12118                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12118                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7383                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         7383                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1018                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1018                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3816                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3816                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4153                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4153                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               8987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3816                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5171                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              8987                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           98                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         8251                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          8251                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3584                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         3584                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5391                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5391                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            17226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3584                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13642                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           17226                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12118                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12118                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7383                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7383                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           99                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9269                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         9269                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         7400                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         7400                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9544                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         9544                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         7400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        18813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          26213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         7400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        18813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         26213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.989899                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989899                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.890172                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.890172                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.484324                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.484324                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.564858                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.564858                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.484324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.725137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.657155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.484324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.725137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.657155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           8769                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                8769                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              4187                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            20                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             28                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq               64                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp              64                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4187                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        12028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        12030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 12050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       289216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       289224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 289488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           27373                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            34598                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.752500                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.431566                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                   8563     24.75%     24.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  26035     75.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              34598                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              8976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8769                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            7184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             113                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            28                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        37813                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        12846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        50659                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 50669                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1372800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       290120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1662920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1663048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                            8900                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            43503                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.204492                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.403334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  34607     79.55%     79.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                   8896     20.45%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              43503                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse     5.400487                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.280094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.548517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.571875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.267506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.034282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.035742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.337530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.187500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses           42                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses           42                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         4448                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.851361                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           21                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         4448                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.004721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.079689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.038126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.047263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     6.363785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     6.322498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.192481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.002383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.002954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.397737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.395156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        73056                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        73056                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          278                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          278                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2577                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1610                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4187                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         4250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2577                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1673                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         4250                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          278                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          278                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           64                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2577                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1614                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4191                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         4255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         4255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.984375                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.984375                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997522                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999046                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          275                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          275                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         4443                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.789536                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           18                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         4443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.004051                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.604311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.024420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.060816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     6.688050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     6.411940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.162769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.001526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.003801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.418003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.400746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        72986                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        72986                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          275                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          275                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2577                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1607                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4184                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         4247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2577                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1670                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         4247                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          275                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          275                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2577                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1610                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4187                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         4250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         4250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998137                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999283                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          272                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          272                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse     8.472527                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.352134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.548517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.571875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.459508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.034282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.035742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.529533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.437500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses           42                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses           42                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits                  86                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits                 69                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits                 155                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              4518864346                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts                388                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps                  388                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses          364                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts           32                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts                 364                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads          488                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes          261                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                  156                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts                 86                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts                70                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      4516427482.461772                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      2436863.538228                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.000539                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.999461                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass            7      1.80%      1.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu              198     51.03%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead              95     24.48%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite             71     18.30%     95.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.38%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total               388                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits              132850                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               736                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           43399                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits             125480                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses              149                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  14                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          20613                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              258330                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               885                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   26                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           64012                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             222333                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              331                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         222664                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                  717644                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             716402                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               716402                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       689690                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses          3891                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              14413                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        76395                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              689690                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                 3891                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       971131                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       481283                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads         2507                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes         2473                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               260615                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts             134635                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts            125980                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles            717644                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    95634                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass        14763      2.06%      2.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           418138     58.29%     60.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             720      0.10%     60.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd           1218      0.17%     60.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv            230      0.03%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead          138685     19.33%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite         126326     17.61%     97.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         17233      2.40%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            717313                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4188                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          275                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4010                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           18                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           26                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            64                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4188                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        12833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        12833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              12843                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       289608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       289608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              289736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        31834                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         39047                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.780675                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.413795                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                8564     21.93%     21.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               30483     78.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           39047                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.453601                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                453601417000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2713612048000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 586264                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   586264                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              264419694                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 753568                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1715.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1005712423                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1005712423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst     41689728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    244326272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        49856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        47872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         286113728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     41689728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        49856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total     41739584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks    225323776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      225323776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst       651402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data      3817598                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          748                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            4470527                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks      3520684                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           3520684                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     91908284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    538636483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       109911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       105538                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            630760217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     91908284                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       109911                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        92018196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      496743986                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           496743986                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      496743986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     91908284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    538636483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       109911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       105538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1127504203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       351488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data   1273098176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        33216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       191296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide     95342400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total        1369016576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       351488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        33216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       384704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    853718848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      853718848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         5492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data     19892159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          519                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         2989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide      1489725                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total           21390884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks     13339357                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total          13339357                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       774883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data   2806645059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        73227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       421727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide      210189820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           3018104716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       774883                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        73227                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          848110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1882090346                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1882090346                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1882090346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       774883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data   2806645059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        73227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       421727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide     210189820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          4900195063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    5533                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    562610                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                  153312     43.18%     43.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                   1914      0.54%     43.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    464      0.13%     43.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.00%     43.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 199327     56.15%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              355018                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                   149471     49.61%     49.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                    1914      0.64%     50.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     464      0.15%     50.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.00%     50.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                  149470     49.61%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               301320                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            428613373500     94.49%     94.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21              137173000      0.03%     94.52% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               22736000      0.01%     94.53% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     94.53% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            24828241000      5.47%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        453601635500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.974947                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.749873                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.848746                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         9      7.09%      7.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         3      2.36%      9.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      0.79%     10.24% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        4      3.15%     13.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        1      0.79%     14.17% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                        1      0.79%     14.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.79%     15.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.79%     16.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                      102     80.31%     96.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        1      0.79%     97.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       1      0.79%     98.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::256                       1      0.79%     99.21% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::257                       1      0.79%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   127                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    2      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  232      0.06%      0.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.00%      0.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               317118     86.95%     87.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                  11389      3.12%     90.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     90.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                   35521      9.74%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 143      0.04%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.00%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                311      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                364725                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            35753                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user              29592                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel              29592                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                29592                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.827679                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.905716                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      175128841500     38.61%     38.61% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        278472794000     61.39%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     232                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements         25413003                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.987751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          234508170                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         25413003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.227881                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   511.987751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          293                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        545503238                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       545503238                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     91170823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       91170823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    142168238                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     142168238                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       599814                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       599814                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       691792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       691792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data    233339061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       233339061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data    233339061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      233339061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     11062319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     11062319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     14259558                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     14259558                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        92259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        92259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     25321877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      25321877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     25321877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     25321877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    102233142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    102233142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    156427796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    156427796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       692073                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       692073                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       691969                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       691969                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    258660938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    258660938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    258660938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    258660938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.108207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.108207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.091157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.091157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.133308                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.133308                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.000256                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.097896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.097896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     14882238                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total         14882238                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          1879619                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          894667228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1879619                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           475.983286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.000048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1798184825                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      1798184825                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    896272984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      896272984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    896272984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       896272984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    896272984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      896272984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1879619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1879619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1879619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1879619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1879619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1879619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    898152603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    898152603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    898152603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    898152603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    898152603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    898152603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1879619                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          1879619                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     466                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      8764                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    2080     27.42%     27.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    464      6.12%     33.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.03%     33.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   5040     66.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                7586                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     2080     44.98%     44.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     464     10.03%     55.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.04%     55.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    2078     44.94%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 4624                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            452816777000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               22736000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 285500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              248930000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        453088728500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.412302                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.609544                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   11      0.14%      0.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.02%      0.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 6636     82.21%     82.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    928     11.50%     93.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.01%     93.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     484      6.00%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   8      0.10%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  8072                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               28                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 18                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                467                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 19                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   18                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.678571                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.002141                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.074074                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          45460500     12.46%     12.46% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            78116000     21.40%     33.86% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle           241376500     66.14%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      11                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             6078                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          467.957472                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             101518                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             6078                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            16.702534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   467.957472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.913979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.913979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          462                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.902344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           672206                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          672206                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       199668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         199668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       122083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        122083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1673                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1673                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       321751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          321751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       321751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         321751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2451                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2451                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          7271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         7271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       204488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       204488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       124534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       124534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1764                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1764                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       329022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       329022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       329022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       329022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.023571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.019681                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019681                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.054422                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.054422                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.051587                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.051587                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.022099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.022099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2842                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             2842                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             5391                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             344742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5391                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            63.947691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.999989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1899170                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         1899170                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       941497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         941497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       941497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          941497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       941497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         941497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          5392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         5392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       946889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       946889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       946889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       946889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       946889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       946889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         5391                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             5391                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages               23651                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                193970176                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                      23705                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                25319                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               25319                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq             3063413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp            3063413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        12984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio        87456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       103484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      6073980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      6073980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 6177464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        51936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         5456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio        49194                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       108070                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side    194019824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total    194019824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                194127894                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements              3036990                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs              3036990                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses             27332910                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses            27332910                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide         6206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             6206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide      3030784                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total      3030784                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         6206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total              6206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         6206                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total             6206                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         6206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           6206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide      3030784                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      3030784                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         6206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total            6206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         6206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total           6206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks         3030784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total              3030784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests      54586554                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     27293656                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2319                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        16719794                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     16719767                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           27                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               19113                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           13053310                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              32162                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             32162                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     14882238                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1879547                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         10528518                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              858                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            177                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1035                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq          14258700                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp         14258700                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        1879619                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      11154578                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      5638785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     76341932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               81980717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    240586624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   2579017358                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total              2819603982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         73969015                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples         128606439                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.130044                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.336352                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0               111882008     87.00%     87.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                16724404     13.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      27      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total           128606439                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         24319                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11821                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          230557                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       230557                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10308                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                467                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               467                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2842                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         5391                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3235                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              261                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             91                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             352                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2190                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2190                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           5392                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4916                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        16175                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        21927                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  38102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       690112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       640408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1330520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         54857275                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          54881494                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.004201                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.064679                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                54650933     99.58%     99.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  230561      0.42%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            54881494                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements            24921326                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3937.904851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs              15382680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs            24921326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.617250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2030.940087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.370570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.009176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst    97.973129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1808.611889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.495835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.023919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.441556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.961403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4073                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          695                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          651                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994385                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses           475855457                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses          475855457                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     14882238                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total     14882238                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1879547                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total      1879547                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       634209                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total          634209                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1222725                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      1222725                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1064859                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      1064859                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1222725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1699068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            2921793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1222725                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1699068                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           2921793                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          858                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          858                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          177                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          177                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     13624491                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total      13624491                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       656894                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       656894                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     10089719                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     10089719                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       656894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     23714210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total         24371104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       656894                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     23714210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total        24371104                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     14882238                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     14882238                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1879547                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1879547                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          858                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          858                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          177                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     14258700                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total     14258700                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1879619                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1879619                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     11154578                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     11154578                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1879619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     25413278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total       27292897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1879619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     25413278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total      27292897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.955521                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.955521                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.349483                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.349483                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.904536                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.904536                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.349483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.933143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.892947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.349483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.933143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.892947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks       13830452                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total            13830452                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                3977                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3071.756381                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                  5360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                3977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.347750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1233.879772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst            7                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     5.000305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst  1027.105891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   798.770413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.301240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.001221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.250758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.195012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.749941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3069                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3069                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.749268                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              202451                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             202451                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2842                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2842                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         5391                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         5391                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         4094                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4094                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2682                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2682                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         4094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               6925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         4094                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2831                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              6925                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          261                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          261                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           91                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           91                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2041                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          2041                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1298                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1298                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2234                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2234                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             5573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1298                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4275                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            5573                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2842                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2842                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         5391                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         5391                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          261                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          261                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           91                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2190                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2190                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5392                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         5392                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4916                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4916                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         7106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          12498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         7106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         12498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.931963                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.931963                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.240727                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.240727                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.454434                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.454434                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.240727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.601604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.445911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.240727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.601604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.445911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           1439                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                1439                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq              19113                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp          10773765                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             32629                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            32629                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16861265                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict        10349121                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1368                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           252                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1620                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq         13624234                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp        13624234                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     10754652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq      3030784                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      3030784                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     13214918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     59708226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       102550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     73025694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         5992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      4622768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      4481996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      9104764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total              82136450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    412746688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side   2032130112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       104334                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total   2444981134                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       125504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       129240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     98618368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     95748992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total    194367360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total             2639477734                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        42969684                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         97841488                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.439176                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.496287                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2               54871871     56.08%     56.08% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               42969617     43.92%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           97841488                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           8146005                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               467                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              467                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     13339387                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         8055328                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           117                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            953                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq         13247986                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp        13247986                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      8146005                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        10199                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         6318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        16517                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     64169020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     64169020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              64185537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       317312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       129368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       446680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port   2222493248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total   2222493248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total             2222939928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                        12072473                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         54862912                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.220038                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.414272                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               42790987     78.00%     78.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2               12071925     22.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           54862912                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements     21482368                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.808391                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs         1657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs     21482368                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.000077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.805866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.009593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     7.992932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.487867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.499558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses    375529194                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses    375529194                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     13340581                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total     13340581                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1018                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total         1018                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          500                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          500                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total         1518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1518                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total         1518                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          484                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          484                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     11756859                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total     11756859                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         5492                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      8137439                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      8142931                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide      1489856                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total      1489856                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         5492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     19894298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total     19899790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         5492                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     19894298                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total     19899790                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     13340581                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     13340581                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          484                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          484                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     11757877                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total     11757877                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         5492                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      8137939                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      8143431                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide      1489856                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total      1489856                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         5492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     19895816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total     19901308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         5492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     19895816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total     19901308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999913                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999913                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999939                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999939                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks     13339080                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total     13339080                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         1137                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    11.005590                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           31                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         1137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.027265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.000732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     7.408772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.596086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.463048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.224755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.687849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        27738                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        27738                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           30                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total           30                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          154                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          154                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           75                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           75                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           99                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1054                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1833                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1153                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         1932                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           30                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           30                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          154                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           75                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           75                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1055                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1834                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         1933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999052                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999455                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks           29                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total           29                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         1136                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    11.005579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           30                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         1136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.026408                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.000029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     7.409237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.596314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.463077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.224770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.687849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        27721                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        27721                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           29                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total           29                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          154                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          154                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           75                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           75                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           99                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1054                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1833                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1153                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         1932                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           29                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           29                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          154                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           75                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           75                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1054                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1833                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         1932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks           29                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total           29                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements     21480757                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.792104                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs         1252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs     21480757                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.000058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.835398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.013222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     7.943484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.489712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.496468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses    376992189                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses    376992189                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     13339080                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total     13339080                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          679                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          679                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          458                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          458                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total         1137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1137                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total         1137                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          484                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          484                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     11756180                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide      1489856                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total     13246036                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         5492                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      8136981                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      8142473                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         5492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     19893161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide      1489856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total     21388509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         5492                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     19893161                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide      1489856                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total     21388509                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     13339080                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     13339080                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          484                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          484                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     11756859                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide      1489856                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total     13246715                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         5492                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      8137439                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      8142931                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         5492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     19894298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide      1489856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total     21389646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         5492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     19894298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide      1489856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total     21389646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999942                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999949                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999944                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks     13337948                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total     13337948                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits           102931142                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses             83676                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses        54139564                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits          157186286                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses           111494                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses      108803503                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits           260117428                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses            195170                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses       162943067                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits          561951254                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              315                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses      561951569                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               907208367                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          897957412                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            897957412                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    860588092                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses         62834                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            4486351                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     86733485                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           860588092                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                62834                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads   1225346156                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    609487668                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         6054                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         6166                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs            260326969                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts          103028016                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts         157298953                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      9055447.814519                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      898152919.185481                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.990018                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.009982                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 92564423                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     34541499      3.85%      3.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        598000313     66.58%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult          444769      0.05%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd          52787      0.01%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt            566      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            191      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead       104046264     11.58%     82.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite      157384364     17.52%     99.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess       3681849      0.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         898152603                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits              206151                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               103                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           34080                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits             126749                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               14                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          20173                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              332900                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               117                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           54253                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             257528                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses               99                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         257627                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               906177923                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             946762                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               946762                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       908040                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           384                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              35120                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        74773                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              908040                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  384                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads      1243843                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       698040                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          220                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               333628                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts             206355                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts            127273                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      905232470.331769                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      945452.668231                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.001043                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.998957                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                   126395                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         9531      1.01%      1.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           560674     59.21%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult            2777      0.29%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             45      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead          209770     22.15%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite         127553     13.47%     96.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         36536      3.86%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            946889                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        8144764                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            467                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           467                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     13339109                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      8054869                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          638                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          101                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          739                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      13246814                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp     13246814                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      8144764                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     64173231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     64173231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         6315                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         6315                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total           64179546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side   2222638464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total   2222638464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       129240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       129240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total          2222767704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                     33558652                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples      76344799                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.439559                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.496333                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1            42786762     56.04%     56.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2            33558037     43.96%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total        76344799                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 16.956869                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                16956869187500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               19670481235500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 708495                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   708495                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              180619457                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 754592                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 93881.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 66514699410                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   66514699410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst     51514112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    488443904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst     44259264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data    508418880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total        1092636160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     51514112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     44259264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total     95773376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks    531856000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      531856000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst       804908                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data      7631936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst       691551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data      7944045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total           17072440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks      8310250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           8310250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3037949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     28805076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2610108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     29983063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             64436197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3037949                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2610108                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         5648058                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       31365224                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            31365224                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       31365224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      3037949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     28805076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      2610108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     29983063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            95801421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst     53999360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    668006848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst     55141376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data    636169664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total        1413317248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     53999360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     55141376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total    109140736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    705428608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      705428608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst       843740                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data     10437607                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst       861584                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data      9940151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total           22083082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks     11022322                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total          11022322                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3184512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     39394468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      3251861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     37516929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             83347771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3184512                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      3251861                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         6436373                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       41601348                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            41601348                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       41601348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      3184512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     39394468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      3251861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     37516929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           124949118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    1994                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                   7904437                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                  518105     41.21%     41.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                  17364      1.38%     42.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                  33089      2.63%     45.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 688528     54.77%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total             1257086                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                   518105     47.77%     47.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                   17364      1.60%     49.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                   33089      3.05%     52.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                  516120     47.58%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total              1084678                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            16900397347000     99.67%     99.67% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              850836000      0.01%     99.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30             6405988000      0.04%     99.71% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            48656546500      0.29%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        16956310717500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.749599                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.862851                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         2      0.01%      0.01% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                      273      0.89%      0.90% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        8      0.03%      0.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                       51      0.17%      1.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                    12726     41.59%     42.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::75                    17538     57.32%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                 30598                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                32018      1.60%      1.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                71338      3.57%      5.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                     479      0.02%      5.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl              1020695     51.08%     56.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                  95670      4.79%     61.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                  185938      9.30%     70.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys               32902      1.65%     72.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     479      0.02%     72.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique             558890     27.97%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total               1998409                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel           257277                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user             183214                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel             183215                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user               183214                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.712131                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.831865                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      735239598000      4.34%      4.34% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        16215167526500     95.66%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                   71338                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements        122785645                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.353157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs         6958870102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        122785645                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            56.674948                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   511.353157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.998737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          482                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          482                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.941406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      14287305196                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses     14287305196                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data   5265292719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     5265292719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data   1687524046                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    1687524046                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      2637931                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      2637931                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      2894542                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      2894542                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data   6952816765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total      6952816765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data   6952816765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total     6952816765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     85499008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     85499008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     37494514                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     37494514                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       481667                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       481667                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       223009                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       223009                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data    122993522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total     122993522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data    122993522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total    122993522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   5350791727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   5350791727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   1725018560                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total   1725018560                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3119598                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      3119598                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3117551                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      3117551                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   7075810287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total   7075810287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   7075810287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total   7075810287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.015979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.021736                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021736                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.154400                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.154400                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.071533                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.071533                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.017382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.017382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks    103055051                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total        103055051                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements         16557777                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs        32698851584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs         16557777                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1974.833432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses      65753519797                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses     65753519797                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst  32851923233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    32851923233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst  32851923233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total     32851923233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst  32851923233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total    32851923233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst     16557777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     16557777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst     16557777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total      16557777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst     16557777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total     16557777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst  32868481010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total  32868481010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst  32868481010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total  32868481010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst  32868481010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total  32868481010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks     16557777                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total         16557777                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2246                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                   7707370                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                  578470     43.06%     43.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                  17364      1.29%     44.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                  32018      2.38%     46.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                 715659     53.27%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total             1343511                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                   578470     48.04%     48.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                   17364      1.44%     49.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                   32018      2.66%     52.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                  576340     47.86%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total              1204192                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            16895659617000     99.63%     99.63% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              850836000      0.01%     99.64% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30             6241500500      0.04%     99.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            54837880000      0.32%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        16957589833500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.805328                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.896302                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         4      0.01%      0.01% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                      178      0.57%      0.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                        3      0.01%      0.59% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::73                       46      0.15%      0.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                    11642     37.41%     38.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::75                    19246     61.85%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                 31119                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                33089      1.57%      1.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                71568      3.39%      4.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                     479      0.02%      4.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl              1093090     51.79%     56.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                  96992      4.60%     61.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                  201039      9.53%     70.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys               33534      1.59%     72.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                     479      0.02%     72.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique             580250     27.49%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total               2110520                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel           268424                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user             198020                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               4182                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel             199039                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user               198020                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                 1019                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.741510                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.243663                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.845848                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      246313816500      1.41%      1.41% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        16078286052000     92.35%     93.76% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1085724871500      6.24%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                   71568                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements        117934491                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.172141                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs         6904087366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        117934491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            58.541715                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   511.172141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.998383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          281                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      14163088401                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses     14163088401                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data   5184683574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     5184683574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data   1712839901                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    1712839901                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2829378                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      2829378                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      3127409                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      3127409                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data   6897523475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total      6897523475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data   6897523475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total     6897523475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     80205197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     80205197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     37916651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     37916651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       521855                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       521855                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       221483                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       221483                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data    118121848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total     118121848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data    118121848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total    118121848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   5264888771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   5264888771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   1750756552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total   1750756552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3351233                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      3351233                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3348892                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      3348892                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   7015645323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total   7015645323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   7015645323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total   7015645323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.015234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.021657                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021657                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.155720                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.155720                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066136                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.066136                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.016837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.016837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     99246136                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         99246136                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements         16921610                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs        32535995716                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs         16921610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          1922.748232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      65318724270                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     65318724270                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst  32633979720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    32633979720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst  32633979720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total     32633979720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst  32633979720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total    32633979720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst     16921610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     16921610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst     16921610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total      16921610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst     16921610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total     16921610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst  32650901330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total  32650901330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst  32650901330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total  32650901330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst  32650901330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total  32650901330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks     16921610                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total         16921610                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              164942                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             164942                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       329884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       329884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  329884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio      1319536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      1319536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  1319536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests     279599397                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    139831296                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        21270                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        15646424                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     15645213                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1211                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp          102538452                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              82471                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             82471                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty    103055051                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean     16554243                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         19712858                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           264865                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         223009                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          487874                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq          37229649                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp         37229649                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       16557777                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      85980675                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     49669797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    370329247                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total              419999044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   2119169280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side  14481643768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total             16600813048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         87563720                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples         366539804                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.042806                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.202436                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0               350850840     95.72%     95.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                15687753      4.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    1211      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total           366539804                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests     270642897                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    135323782                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        24580                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        12291770                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     12291640                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          130                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           97648662                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              82471                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             82471                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     99246136                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean     16917429                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         18667956                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           246198                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         221483                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          467681                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          37670453                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         37670453                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       16921610                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      80727052                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     50760649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    355809406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total              406570055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   2165698496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side  13929852792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total             16095551288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         81430633                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples         351452249                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.035114                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.184071                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0               339111319     96.49%     96.49% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                12340800      3.51%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     130      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total           351452249                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements            21027150                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3962.051575                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs             218492981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs            21027150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               10.390994                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1887.297688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   310.304233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1764.449655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.460766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.075758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.430774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.967298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4034                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1546                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984863                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses          2295680305                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses         2295680305                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks    103055051                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total    103055051                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     16554243                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total     16554243                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     29795243                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total        29795243                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     14908925                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total     14908925                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     74452332                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     74452332                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     14908925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data    104247575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total          119156500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     14908925                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data    104247575                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total         119156500                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       264865                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total       264865                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       223009                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       223009                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      7434406                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total       7434406                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1648852                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total      1648852                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     11528343                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     11528343                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1648852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     18962749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total         20611601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1648852                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     18962749                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total        20611601                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks    103055051                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total    103055051                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     16554243                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total     16554243                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       264865                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       264865                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       223009                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       223009                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     37229649                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total     37229649                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     16557777                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     16557777                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     85980675                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     85980675                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     16557777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    123210324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total      139768101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     16557777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    123210324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total     139768101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.199690                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.199690                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.099582                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.099582                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.134081                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.134081                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.099582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.153906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.147470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.099582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.153906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.147470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks       10002575                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total            10002575                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements            20453384                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3955.856958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs             210424305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs            20453384                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               10.287995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1857.786137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.003482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.021160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   294.966592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1803.079588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.453561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.072013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.440205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.965785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4074                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          755                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          683                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994629                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses          2223899503                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses         2223899503                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     99246136                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total     99246136                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     16917429                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total     16917429                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     30030330                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total        30030330                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst     15367614                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total     15367614                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     69666034                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     69666034                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst     15367614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data     99696364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total          115063978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst     15367614                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data     99696364                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total         115063978                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       246198                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total       246198                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       221483                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       221483                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      7640123                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total       7640123                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      1553996                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total      1553996                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     11061018                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     11061018                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      1553996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     18701141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total         20255137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      1553996                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     18701141                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total        20255137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     99246136                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     99246136                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     16917429                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total     16917429                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       246198                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       246198                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       221483                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       221483                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     37670453                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total     37670453                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst     16921610                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     16921610                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     80727052                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     80727052                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst     16921610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    118397505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total      135319115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst     16921610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    118397505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total     135319115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.202815                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.202815                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.091835                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.091835                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.137017                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.137017                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.091835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.157952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.149684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.091835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.157952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.149684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        9810307                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             9810307                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp          18728418                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq            164942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp           164942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     14418226                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict        13031537                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          311340                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        362986                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         674326                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq         10734411                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp        10734411                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     18728418                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     25533040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     36030383                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       164942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     61728365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     26160650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       164942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     26325592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total              88053957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    802313216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side   1156782400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       659768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total   1959755384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    849291904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       659768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total    849951672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total             2809707056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        48716958                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples        106959866                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.449694                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.497463                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2               58860611     55.03%     55.03% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               48099255     44.97%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total          106959866                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp          19876836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq             82471                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp            82471                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     15631631                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict        13493152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          452797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        302502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         755299                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq         12054990                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp        12054990                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     19876836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     32888795                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     27433690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     60322485                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     34341490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     34341490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              94663975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port   1049962176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side    874728504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total   1924690680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port   1120030336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total   1120030336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total             3044721016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                        37447745                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples        100614352                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.368447                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.482383                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               63543289     63.16%     63.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2               37071063     36.84%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total          100614352                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements     13021299                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.684330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs       376689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs     13021299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.028929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.710534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     1.124740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     6.849056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.481908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.070296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.428066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.980271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses    208143711                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses    208143711                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      6107976                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      6107976                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       121150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total       121150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          126                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        37572                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        37698                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       158722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total       158848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          126                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       158722                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total       158848                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       204111                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total       204111                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        81019                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        81019                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      4520343                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total      4520343                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       843818                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      6443740                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      7287558                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       843818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     10964083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total     11807901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       843818                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     10964083                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total     11807901                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      6107976                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      6107976                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       204111                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       204111                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        81019                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        81019                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      4641493                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      4641493                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       843944                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      6481312                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      7325256                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       843944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     11122805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total     11966749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       843944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     11122805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total     11966749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.973898                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.973898                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999851                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.994203                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.994854                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.985730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.986726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.985730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.986726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks      5950056                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total      5950056                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements      9918576                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.673647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs       296736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs      9918576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.029917                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.571446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     1.917466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     7.184735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.410715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.119842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.449046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses    157838423                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses    157838423                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4609309                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      4609309                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        75382                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total        75382                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          633                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        42891                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        43524                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       118273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total       118906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          633                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       118273                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total       118906                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        43168                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        43168                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       139977                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       139977                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3348432                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total      3348432                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       691779                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4888898                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      5580677                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       691779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      8237330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total      8929109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       691779                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      8237330                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total      8929109                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4609309                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4609309                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        43168                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        43168                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       139977                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       139977                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3423814                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      3423814                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       692412                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      4931789                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      5624201                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       692412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      8355603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total      9048015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       692412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      8355603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total      9048015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.977983                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.977983                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999086                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.991303                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.992261                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.985845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.986858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.985845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.986858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks      4490286                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total      4490286                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements      9801911                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.552669                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs       249373                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs      9801911                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.025441                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.288460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     2.153344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     8.110864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.330529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.134584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.506929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.972042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses    155733940                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses    155733940                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4490286                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      4490286                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        45120                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total        45120                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          228                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        29226                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        29454                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        74346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total        74574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          228                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        74346                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total        74574                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        43168                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        43168                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       139977                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       139977                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3303312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total      3303312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       691551                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4859672                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      5551223                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       691551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      8162984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total      8854535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       691551                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      8162984                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total      8854535                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4490286                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4490286                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        43168                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        43168                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       139977                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       139977                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3348432                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      3348432                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       691779                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      4888898                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      5580677                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       691779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      8237330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total      8929109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       691779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      8237330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total      8929109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.986525                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.986525                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999670                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994022                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.994722                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.990975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.991648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.990975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.991648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks      4415651                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total      4415651                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements     12857160                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.584481                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs       342898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs     12857160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.026670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.456509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     1.259189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     7.868783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.403532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.078699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.491799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses    205311508                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses    205311508                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5950056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      5950056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       102988                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total       102988                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           78                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25658                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        25736                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           78                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       128646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total       128724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           78                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       128646                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total       128724                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       204121                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total       204121                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        81019                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        81019                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      4417345                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total      4417345                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       843740                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      6418082                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      7261822                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       843740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     10835427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total     11679167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       843740                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     10835427                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total     11679167                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5950056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5950056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       204121                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       204121                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        81019                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        81019                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      4520333                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      4520333                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       843818                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      6443740                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      7287558                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       843818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     10964073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total     11807891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       843818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     10964073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total     11807891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.977217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.977217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999908                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996018                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996469                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.988267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.989098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.988267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.989098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks      5821324                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total      5821324                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits          5350819229                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses           4716846                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    4                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses      5295324006                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits         1728108083                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses           640379                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses     1589254849                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits          7078927312                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses           5357225                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    4                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses      6884578855                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits        32451772009                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses           498325                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                  21                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses    32452270334                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles             33912623418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts        32863123781                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps          32863123781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses  30651682874                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses       9499537                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls           26729549                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts   2658646632                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts         30651682874                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts              9499537                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads  46940606352                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes  26184857890                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads      2711544                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes      2721545                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs           7087673122                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts         5358628175                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts        1729044947                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      1044726664.163587                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      32867896753.836414                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.969194                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.030806                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches               2852595825                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass   2033252363      6.19%      6.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu      23660331582     71.98%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult         8371947      0.03%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd        6466132      0.02%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt         716277      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv         230742      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead      5365562043     16.32%     94.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite     1729253293      5.26%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess      64296631      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total       32868481010                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits          5265174274                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses           4392883                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses      5203909252                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits         1754091820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses           645241                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses     1596430788                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits          7019266094                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses           5038124                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses      6800340040                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits        32179316666                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses           509343                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   1                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses    32179826009                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles             33915182175                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts        32645863206                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps          32645863206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses  30474223128                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses      10125278                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls           27825721                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts   2583171031                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts         30474223128                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts             10125278                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads  46690398230                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes  26057081653                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads      3136647                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes      3146855                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs           7027667123                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts         5272632887                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts        1755034236                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      1262383688.816074                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      32652798486.183926                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.962778                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.037222                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches               2776050307                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass   1994992973      6.11%      6.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu      23542872750     72.10%     78.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult         8504660      0.03%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd        6660274      0.02%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt         844520      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv         264421      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead      5279875075     16.17%     94.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite     1755224945      5.38%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess      61661712      0.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total       32650901330                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       12868235                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          82471                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         82471                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     10440342                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      9613310                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       247289                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       220996                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       468285                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       7868765                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      7868765                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     12868235                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     35553320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     35553320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     27075844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     27075844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total           62629164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side   1136508608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total   1136508608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side    859501048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total    859501048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total          1996009656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                     63228471                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples     103571851                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.600843                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.489725                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1            41341408     39.92%     39.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2            62230443     60.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total       103571851                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.718864                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                718864230000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               20389345465500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               27162392                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 27162392                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              287256587                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 817104                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2502.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 67974322403                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   67974322403                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      9166528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    180104000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       643264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      2173696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      1040320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         193127808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      9166528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       643264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      9809792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks     51097152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       51097152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst       143227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data      2814125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst        10051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        33964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::tsunami.ide        16255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            3017622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       798393                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            798393                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     12751404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    250539660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       894834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      3023792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::tsunami.ide        1447172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            268656862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     12751404                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       894834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        13646237                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       71080393                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            71080393                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       71080393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     12751404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    250539660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       894834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      3023792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::tsunami.ide       1447172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           339737255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1941056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    245733376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      2754880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide     58470400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         308931968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1941056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total      1973312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     77755584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       77755584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        30329                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data      3839584                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        43045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide       913600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            4827062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      1214931                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1214931                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2700171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    341835587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        44871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      3832267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide       81337195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            429750091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2700171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        44871                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         2745041                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      108164492                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           108164492                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      108164492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      2700171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    341835587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        44871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      3832267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide      81337195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           537914582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    1452                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                   8058651                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                  544585     47.86%     47.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    585      0.05%     47.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    736      0.06%     47.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.00%     47.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 591860     52.02%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total             1137767                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                   544585     49.94%     49.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     585      0.05%     49.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     736      0.07%     50.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.00%     50.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                  544584     49.94%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total              1090491                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            686787522000     95.49%     95.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               42153000      0.01%     95.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               36064000      0.01%     95.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 173500      0.00%     95.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            32344938500      4.50%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        719210851000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.920123                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.958448                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                    376527     99.99%     99.99% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         2      0.00%     99.99% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       46      0.01%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1      0.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        1      0.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::124                       1      0.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                376581                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   94      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  961      0.04%      0.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      0.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               758261     30.06%     30.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                  62004      2.46%     32.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     32.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                  378184     14.99%     47.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys              376589     14.93%     62.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       6      0.00%     62.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique             946616     37.52%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total               2522719                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel           379145                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user             377246                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel             377246                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user               377246                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.994991                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.997489                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      502358524000     69.29%     69.29% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        222692251000     30.71%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     961                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements         15068419                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.895577                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          434099721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         15068817                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            28.807817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   511.895577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.999796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.777344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        913226539                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       913226539                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    265209424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      265209424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    155441979                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     155441979                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      6563431                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      6563431                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      6754615                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      6754615                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data    420651403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       420651403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data    420651403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      420651403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     12455525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     12455525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2409286                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2409286                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       226598                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       226598                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13397                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        13397                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     14864811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      14864811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     14864811                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     14864811                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    277664949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    277664949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    157851265                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    157851265                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      6790029                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      6790029                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      6768012                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      6768012                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    435516214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    435516214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    435516214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    435516214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.044858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.015263                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015263                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.033372                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.033372                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.001979                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.001979                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.034131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.034131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      4763683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          4763683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements         17799243                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1571897388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs         17799755                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            88.310058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2887498002                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      2887498002                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1417050129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1417050129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1417050129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1417050129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1417050129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1417050129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst     17799248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     17799248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst     17799248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total      17799248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst     17799248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total     17799248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1434849377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1434849377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1434849377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1434849377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1434849377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1434849377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.012405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.012405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.012405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks     17799243                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total         17799243                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     849                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    129058                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   59928     47.59%     47.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    736      0.58%     48.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     94      0.07%     48.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  65172     51.75%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total              125930                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    59926     49.69%     49.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     736      0.61%     50.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      94      0.08%     50.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   59832     49.62%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total               120588                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            710541959000     98.84%     98.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               36064000      0.01%     98.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               10528000      0.00%     98.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31             8275613500      1.15%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        718864164500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999967                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.918063                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.957580                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1      5.88%      5.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::4                         1      5.88%     11.76% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         2     11.76%     23.53% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        1      5.88%     29.41% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        1      5.88%     35.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                        4     23.53%     58.82% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1      5.88%     64.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1      5.88%     70.59% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                        4     23.53%     94.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                        1      5.88%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                    17                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  302      0.24%      0.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.00%      0.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl               124098     97.70%     97.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1578      1.24%     99.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     99.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    1002      0.79%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  27      0.02%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       4      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  6      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                127024                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              392                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                170                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                912                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                266                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  170                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   96                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.678571                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.105263                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.360923                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       14529004000      2.02%      2.02% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            84988000      0.01%      2.03% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        704250172500     97.97%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     302                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           128505                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          439.257151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            9262239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           129017                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            71.790842                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   439.257151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.857924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.857924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         18783984                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        18783984                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      6094391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6094391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2630654                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2630654                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       215778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       215778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       214457                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       214457                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data      8725045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         8725045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data      8725045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        8725045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       114820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       114820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        36875                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        36875                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4870                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         4870                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5078                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5078                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       151695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        151695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       151695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       151695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      6209211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6209211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2667529                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2667529                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       220648                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       220648                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       219535                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       219535                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      8876740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8876740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      8876740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8876740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.018492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.013824                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013824                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.022071                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.022071                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.023131                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.023131                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        71100                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            71100                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           103645                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999929                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          128829529                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           104156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          1236.890136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.999929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         60721326                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        60721326                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst     30205194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       30205194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst     30205194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        30205194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst     30205194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       30205194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       103646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       103646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       103646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        103646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       103646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       103646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst     30308840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30308840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst     30308840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     30308840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst     30308840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     30308840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       103645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           103645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                 7249                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                  59478016                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                        7272                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  35                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   319488                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         43                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq               936969                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp              936969                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               15676                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              15676                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         6462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio        23616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        32868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1872422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      1872422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1905290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        25848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         4352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1023                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          479                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio        13284                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        44986                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     59812504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total     59812504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 59857490                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               936211                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               936227                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              8425899                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             8425899                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide       931219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           931219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         4992                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         4992                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       931219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            931219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       931219                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           931219                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       931219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         931219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         4992                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         4992                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       931219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          931219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       931219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         931219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            4992                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 4992                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests      65771716                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     32894444                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            7                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         5552731                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      5552723                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                5706                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           30487077                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               9709                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              9709                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4763683                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean     17799241                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         10304731                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            13380                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          13397                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           26777                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2395906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2395906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       17799248                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      12682123                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     53397737                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     45308856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               98706593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   2278303296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   1269907685                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total              3548210981                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         19017199                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          84785008                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.065492                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.247393                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                79232258     93.45%     93.45% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                 5552742      6.55%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       8      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            84785008                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests        497439                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       243657                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           47                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          254717                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       254708                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            9                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  44                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             223380                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                975                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               975                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        71100                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       103631                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            57373                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             6427                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           5078                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           11505                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             30448                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            30448                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         103646                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        119690                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       310923                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       453797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                 764720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     13265728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     14166101                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                27431829                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         15810412                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          16278386                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.015654                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.124137                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                16023573     98.43%     98.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  254804      1.57%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                       9      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            16278386                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements             6991252                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            4027.061796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs              58328104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs             6993975                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                8.339764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   940.858641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   237.532191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  2848.670963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.229702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.057991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.695476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.983169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2723                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2704                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.664795                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses           535589292                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses          535589292                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4763683                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      4763683                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     17799241                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total     17799241                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       893590                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total          893590                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     17625692                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total     17625692                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      7492991                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      7492991                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     17625692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      8386581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total           26012273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     17625692                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      8386581                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total          26012273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13380                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        13380                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13397                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        13397                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1502316                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total       1502316                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       173556                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       173556                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      5189132                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      5189132                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       173556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      6691448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total          6865004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       173556                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      6691448                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total         6865004                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4763683                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4763683                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     17799241                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total     17799241                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        13380                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        13380                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        13397                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        13397                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2395906                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2395906                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     17799248                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     17799248                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     12682123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     12682123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     17799248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     15078029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total       32877277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     17799248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     15078029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total      32877277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.627035                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.627035                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.009751                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.009751                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.409169                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.409169                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.009751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.443788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.208807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.009751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.443788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.208807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks        1972621                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total             1972621                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               70256                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3788.298513                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               1580242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               74344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               21.255811                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1033.538487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   756.061656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1998.698370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.252329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.184585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.487963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.924878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4088                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          985                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2663                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses             4114446                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses            4114446                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        71100                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        71100                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       103631                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       103631                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4113                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            4113                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        93090                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        93090                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        54201                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        54201                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        93090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        58314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total             151404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        93090                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        58314                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total            151404                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6427                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         6427                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5078                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         5078                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        26335                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total         26335                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10555                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        10555                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        65489                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        65489                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        91824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total           102379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10555                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        91824                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total          102379                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        71100                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        71100                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       103631                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       103631                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         6427                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         6427                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5078                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         5078                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        30448                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        30448                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       103645                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       103645                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       119690                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       119690                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       103645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       150138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total         253783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       103645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       150138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total        253783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.864917                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.864917                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.101838                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.101838                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.547155                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.547155                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.101838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.611597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.403412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.101838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.611597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.403412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks          37184                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total               37184                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               5750                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           6334029                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             10684                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            10684                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1990176                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         5712943                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           15882                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         15965                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          31847                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1515053                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1515053                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      6328279                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         4992                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         4992                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      8858298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     11670389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        30830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     20559517                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       127984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       130022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        62207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      2744583                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2806790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total              23496329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    240669888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side    324875392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        38117                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    565583397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      3881728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         6869                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      3888597                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1327104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     58590400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     59917504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              629389498                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        10069828                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         25766051                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.390187                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.487792                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2               15712476     60.98%     60.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               10053575     39.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           25766051                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 44                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           3868482                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               975                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              975                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1227532                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3619214                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           15210                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          8880                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          24090                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1030976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1030976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3868438                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       161459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       133910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       295369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     14400423                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     14400423                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              14695792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      5041792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      3892501                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      8934293                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    383197120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total    383197120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              392131413                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                         6147755                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         15890964                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.384639                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.486510                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                9778684     61.54%     61.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                6112280     38.46%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           15890964                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements      4977050                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.889787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs         7662                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs      4977057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.001539                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.755596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.041797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    10.996188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.096206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.297225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.687262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.006013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.437500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses     82790838                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses     82790838                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1191783                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1191783                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          363                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          363                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          579                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          580                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total          943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          942                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total          943                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8694                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         8694                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3802                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         3802                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1004405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total      1004405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        30329                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2849227                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide       913120                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3792676                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total          512                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        30329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3853632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       913120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total      4797081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        30329                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3853632                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       913120                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total      4797081                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1191783                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1191783                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8694                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         8694                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3802                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         3802                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1004768                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1004768                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        30329                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2849806                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       913121                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3793256                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total          512                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        30329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3854574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       913121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total      4798024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        30329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3854574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       913121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total      4798024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999639                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999639                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999797                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.999999                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999847                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.999999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.999999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks      1190834                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total      1190834                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements        42201                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse     9.636894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs         2947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs        42217                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.069806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.234438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     1.976340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     6.426116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.077152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.123521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.401632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.602306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       698057                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       698057                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12601                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12601                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           16                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1522                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1522                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2568                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         2568                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13718                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        13718                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10051                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        24327                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        34378                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        38045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total        48096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10051                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        38045                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total        48096                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12601                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12601                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1522                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1522                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2568                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2568                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13720                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        13720                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        10051                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        24341                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        34392                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        10051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        38061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total        48112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        10051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        38061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total        48112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999854                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999854                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999425                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999593                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks        12574                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total        12574                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements        42167                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse     9.425416                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs         2935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs        42183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.069578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.944494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     2.016155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     6.464767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.059031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.126010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.404048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.589089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       697679                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       697679                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12574                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12574                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1522                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1522                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2568                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         2568                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13717                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        13717                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10051                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        24321                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        34372                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        38038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total        48089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10051                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        38038                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total        48089                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12574                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12574                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1522                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1522                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2568                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2568                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13718                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        13718                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        10051                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        24327                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        34378                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        10051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        38045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total        48096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        10051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        38045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total        48096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999927                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999927                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999753                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999825                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        12563                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        12563                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements      4975922                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.883889                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs         6985                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs      4975932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.001404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.387380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.043516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    11.335959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.117034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.274211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.708497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.007315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses     82774733                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses     82774733                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1190834                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1190834                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          187                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          187                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          282                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          282                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total          469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          469                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total          469                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8700                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         8700                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3802                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         3802                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1004212                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total      1004724                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        30329                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2848945                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide       913120                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3792394                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        30329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3853157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       913632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total      4797118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        30329                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3853157                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       913632                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total      4797118                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1190834                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1190834                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8700                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         8700                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3802                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         3802                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1004399                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1004911                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        30329                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2849227                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       913120                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3792676                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        30329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3853626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       913632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total      4797587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        30329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3853626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       913632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total      4797587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999814                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999814                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999901                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks      1190348                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total      1190348                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits           281235085                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses           5452816                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    2                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses        80545727                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits          165003481                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses            81492                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       21682168                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits           446238566                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses           5534308                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                   14                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses       102227895                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits          464167519                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              283                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   5                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses      464167802                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              1438423154                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts         1429315055                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps           1429315055                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses   1352999838                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses       2976461                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls           55851093                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts    149703855                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts          1352999838                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts              2976461                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads   1809891785                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes   1013825787                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads      1956687                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes      1957358                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs            455002201                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts          289913502                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts         165088699                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      2881632.451489                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      1435541521.548511                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.997997                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.002003                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                221160497                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     42452359      2.96%      2.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        854860645     59.58%     62.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult          989782      0.07%     62.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd         993870      0.07%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              1      0.00%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt         578906      0.04%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv         192983      0.01%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead       304467606     21.22%     83.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite      165302983     11.52%     95.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess      65010242      4.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total        1434849377                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits             6427902                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               726                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           36177                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits            2887306                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses              150                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  14                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          16533                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits             9315208                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               876                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   26                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           52710                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits            1378695                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              298                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   4                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses        1378993                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              1437729309                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts           30307938                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps             30307938                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses     29399063                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses         53727                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls             851034                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts      4081047                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts            29399063                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                53727                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads     39798868                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes     22288418                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads         8731                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes         8906                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs              9319848                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts            6430641                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts           2889207                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      1407420998.100545                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      30308310.899455                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.021081                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.978919                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                  5273072                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass       132771      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu         19906944     65.68%     66.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult           79693      0.26%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd          38783      0.13%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv            230      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead         6734849     22.22%     88.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite        2889382      9.53%     98.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess        526187      1.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total          30308840                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              44                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        3827098                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            975                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           975                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1203408                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      3612293                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        10222                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         6370                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        16592                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       1018629                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      1018629                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3827054                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     14408438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     14408438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       133851                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       133851                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total           14542289                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side    383258944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total    383258944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      3889749                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      3889749                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total           387148693                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                     11198382                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples      20825599                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.535236                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.498757                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1             9678995     46.48%     46.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2            11146604     53.52%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total        20825599                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
