
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000355                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354513500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2261608856500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              140174045                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                140169717                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              421565417                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 763052                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   117871637                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     117871637                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         1472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        38592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        25856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total             91840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        19072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        38592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        61440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks         7808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           7808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          298                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           59                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               1435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     53797669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      8665396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     10651216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      4152169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst    108859042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     72933753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            259059246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     53797669                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     10651216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst    108859042                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       173307928                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       22024549                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            22024549                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       22024549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     53797669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      8665396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     10651216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      4152169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst    108859042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     72933753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           281083795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        17664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        30528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        26624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       368320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            445376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        17664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        19904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       193216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         193216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         5755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               6959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         3019                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              3019                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     49826029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     86112377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      5054815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     75100102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1263704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data   1038944920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1256301946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     49826029                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      5054815                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1263704                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        56144547                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      545017327                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           545017327                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      545017327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     49826029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     86112377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      5054815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     75100102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      1263704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data   1038944920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1801319273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               138920000     91.89%     91.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12095000      8.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151179500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61937500     75.50%     75.50% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.50%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.413271                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64943                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.931701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    24.610197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   471.803074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.048067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.921490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           130013                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          130013                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          571                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          571                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2192                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2192                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           40                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           40                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5058                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5058                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.085744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.078747                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078747                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.065466                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.065466                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3264                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3264                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2482                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.971959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             338072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           136.209508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    26.614630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   485.357329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.051982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.947964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           334575                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          334575                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          163563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         163563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       166046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       166046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       794                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351563000     98.38%     98.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357349000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.44%      5.44% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.75%      6.19% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1018964500     93.81%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2111                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.285254                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              49019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.220748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    87.228818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   370.056437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.170369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.722766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78630                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12768                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12768                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          454                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          454                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          681                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          681                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046218                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046218                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1003                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             1003                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.804020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              99894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.780757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   192.369423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   319.434597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.375722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.623896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          273001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357085500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357250000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          273.195308                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   272.045918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.149391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.531340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.533585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.517578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               551034500     98.32%     98.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           560467500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         509942500     87.10%     87.10% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     12.90%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.438198                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             159032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.448689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.290605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   318.147593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.334552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.621382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355487                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355487                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        75991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1138                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1138                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          155873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         155873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6993                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6993                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          146                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          146                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.080495                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.080495                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.113707                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.113707                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.076221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.076221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.076221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.076221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871187                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             253769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.430679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.381416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.489770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.401136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.598613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           906533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          906533                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         22144                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11319                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1305                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            3884                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3828                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           56                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8326                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4267                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2336                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              156                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             62                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             218                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2717                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2717                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3752                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4574                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  32180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       295616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       531792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       139392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       207960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1174760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            23472                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             45491                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.148865                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.359890                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   38783     85.25%     85.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    6644     14.61%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      64      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               45491                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34465                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17152                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1281                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2673                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2594                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           79                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10275                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8403                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3421                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3948                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            149                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             273                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4271                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6004                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        38636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  50620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       492288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1361504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1854120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            15193                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             49226                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.104559                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.311188                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   44158     89.70%     89.70% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    4989     10.13%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      79      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               49226                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                3274                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           15629.321446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 49323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                3274                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               15.065058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  7489.758156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1990.810372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1776.893126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   804.974061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1782.768486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   513.796654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   847.861130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst    62.495701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   359.963759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.457139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.121509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.108453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.049132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.108812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.031360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.051749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.021970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.953938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8762                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5688                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          767                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.928772                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              172488                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             172488                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1505                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          350                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1855                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1909                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1180                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3089                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1752                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1021                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2773                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               7717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1909                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3257                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1180                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1371                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              7717                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          108                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          133                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          576                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          285                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total           861                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          574                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           89                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          663                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1166                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          536                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1702                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           89                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             3226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          574                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1742                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           89                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          821                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            3226                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          108                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          137                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2081                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          635                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2716                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3752                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2918                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1557                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4475                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.862069                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.970803                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.276790                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.448819                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.317010                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.231172                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.070134                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.176706                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.399589                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.344252                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.380335                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.231172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.348470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.070134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.374544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.294800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.231172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.348470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.070134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.374544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.294800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           1365                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                1365                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                5967                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           15247.047468                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 34782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                5967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                5.829060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  5583.836851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst  3481.795107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  3529.966814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst  1049.543987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   702.118284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.574513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   301.136939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   598.074973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.340810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.212512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.215452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.064059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.042854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.018380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.036504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.930606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15938                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          861                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3560                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         6703                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3819                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          995                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972778                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              279988                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             279988                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8403                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8403                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1613                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1613                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3661                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3661                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         4177                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4178                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               9452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3661                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5790                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              9452                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          121                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          123                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          145                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5258                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          5258                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          610                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          610                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1818                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1819                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         7076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             7687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          610                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         7076                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            7687                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8403                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8403                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          124                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          145                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5995                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5997                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.991803                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991935                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.765245                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.765245                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.142824                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.142824                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.303253                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.303318                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.142824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.549977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.448509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.142824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.549977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.448509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           1806                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                1806                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              3474                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1442                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2700                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             180                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              865                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         3474                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         7978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         9665                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         3829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         3839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 13504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        33088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       259584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       292712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        77248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        77288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 370000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           17980                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            26693                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.639306                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.480211                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                   9628     36.07%     36.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  17065     63.93%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              26693                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              4331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3119                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3859                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             339                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            497                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6021                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6020                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        16800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         4277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        21077                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         7625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total         7625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 28702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       524672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        78760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       603432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       258688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       258688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 862120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                            3799                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            22595                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.164771                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.370982                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  18872     83.52%     83.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                   3723     16.48%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              22595                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         3143                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.150728                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           74                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         3143                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.023544                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.896344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.117221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.086150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.521096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.123272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.248804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.157840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.618521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.007326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.005384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.032568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.070204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.015550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.134865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.884420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        44562                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        44562                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1320                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1320                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          117                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          139                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          551                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          827                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1089                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          508                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1903                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         2730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1640                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          784                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         2730                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1320                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1320                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          117                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          139                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          555                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          832                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1090                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          508                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1904                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         2736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         2736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.992793                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996390                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.993990                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999083                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999475                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         1314                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         1314                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         1095                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.047612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         1095                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.104110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.763673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.369712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     3.657206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.122308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.631444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.503267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.172730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.023107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.228575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.007644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.289465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.156454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.877976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        25382                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        25382                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          100                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          100                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          506                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1109                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          527                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         1130                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          100                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          100                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          506                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1109                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         1130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total           89                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         1083                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.954411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         1083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.105263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.769112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.369712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     3.657206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.122308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     5.472920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.563152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.110569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.023107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.228575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.007644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.342057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.160197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.872151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        25283                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        25283                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           89                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total           89                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          506                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1109                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          527                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         1130                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           89                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          506                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1109                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         1130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total           77                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         3142                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.712012                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           67                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         3142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.021324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.675289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.016872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.016476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.530853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.136580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.248105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.087837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.667206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.001055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.001030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.033178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.071036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.015507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.130490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.919501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses        44459                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses        44459                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1314                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1314                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          117                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          139                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          551                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          827                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1089                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          507                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1902                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         2729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1640                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          783                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         2729                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1314                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1314                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          117                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          139                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          551                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          827                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1089                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          508                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1903                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         2730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         2730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998031                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999475                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         1313                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         1313                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33923                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8139                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28429                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4585                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62352                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12724                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43649                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43743                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  301665                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             165934                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               165934                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160127                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17154                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160127                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       220826                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       112900                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62616                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34127                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28489                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      230978.945317                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      70686.054683                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234320                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765680                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22552                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2862      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            95904     57.76%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35087     21.13%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28769     17.33%     98.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            166046                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23721                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37541                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23252                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23377                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4522810635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130166                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38649                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24605                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3655350730.499755                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      867459904.500245                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191797                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808203                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2816      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86816     63.90%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25655     18.88%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6410      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135866                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4522810521                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4520456707.848256                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2353813.151744                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82681                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88100                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170781                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161857                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162009                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4523217714                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8515                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433704                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624037                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294555                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171895                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83521                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88374                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1644276940.661465                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2878940773.338535                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636481                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363519                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58289                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9711      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256300     56.81%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85781     19.01%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88441     19.60%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451131                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           3012                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1403                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2519                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          161                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          134                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          278                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           849                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          848                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         3012                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side         7960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total         7960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         4266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         4266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              12226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       258816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       258816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        78056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        78056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              336872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        17541                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         24633                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.671863                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.469545                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                8083     32.81%     32.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               16550     67.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           24633                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000733                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   733003500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2262698363500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               71928684                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 71927579                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              439057989                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 769196                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   120080743                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     120080743                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        25920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       124992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       185728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         6848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            357184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        25920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       124992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         6848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       163392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       848576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         848576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           88                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          405                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1953                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               5581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        13259                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             13259                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      7683456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      3492480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     35361359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      4889472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    170520332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    253379418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      9342384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      2619360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            487288260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      7683456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     35361359                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    170520332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      9342384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       222907530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks     1157669779                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total          1157669779                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks     1157669779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      7683456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      3492480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     35361359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      4889472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    170520332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    253379418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      9342384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      2619360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1644958039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        23488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        21952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        16832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       200000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        10880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide       299520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            572992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        23488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        16832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        40320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       651136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         651136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          263                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         3125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide         4680                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               8953                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks        10174                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             10174                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       436560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     32043503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     29948015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     22963055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    272849993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     14843040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide      408620150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            781704317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     32043503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     22963055                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        55006559                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      888312266                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           888312266                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      888312266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       436560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     32043503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     29948015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     22963055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    272849993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     14843040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide     408620150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1670016582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       546                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     227     41.73%     41.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     74     13.60%     55.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.18%     55.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.18%     55.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    241     44.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 544                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      227     42.91%     42.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      74     13.99%     56.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.19%     57.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.19%     57.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     226     42.72%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  529                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               900620000     95.82%     95.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                5550000      0.59%     96.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     96.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     96.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               33509500      3.57%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           939893000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.937759                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.972426                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  394     83.83%     83.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                      2      0.43%     84.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      74     15.74%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   470                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               76                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements               85                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          441.600520                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs               1986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               85                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.364706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   441.600520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.862501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.862501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            61716                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses           61716                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        18931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          18931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        10741                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         10741                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          520                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          520                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          446                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          446                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        29672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           29672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        29672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          29672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           31                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           31                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        19034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        19034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        10772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        10772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          532                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          532                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          457                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          457                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        29806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        29806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        29806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        29806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.005411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.002878                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002878                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.022556                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.022556                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.024070                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.024070                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.004496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.004496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           35                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total               35                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              195                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              31318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              195                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           160.605128                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          350                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           203135                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          203135                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       101275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         101275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       101275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          101275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       101275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         101275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       101470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       101470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       101470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       101470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       101470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          195                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              195                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       681                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     174     46.65%     46.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.27%     46.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.27%     47.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    197     52.82%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 373                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      174     49.86%     49.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.29%     50.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.29%     50.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     173     49.57%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  349                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               718014500     98.22%     98.22% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     98.22% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     98.25% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12820500      1.75%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           731048500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.878173                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.935657                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.25%      0.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      3.49%      3.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.50%      4.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  349     87.03%     91.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      2      0.50%     91.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.25%     92.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      22      5.49%     97.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.24%     99.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.25%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   401                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               34                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  3                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 21                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.617647                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.333333                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.736842                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          65229000     60.94%     60.94% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            41803000     39.06%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             5167                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          500.334389                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              75530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            14.617767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   500.334389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.977216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.977216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           165307                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          165307                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        41625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          41625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        31943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         31943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          529                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          529                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        73568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           73568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        73568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          73568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2216                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2216                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           43                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           43                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        44633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        44633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        34159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        34159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          631                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          631                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          630                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          630                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        78792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        78792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        78792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        78792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.067394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.064873                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.064873                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.161648                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.161648                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.068254                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.068254                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.066301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.066301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2768                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.983804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             395955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           143.047327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.075629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.908175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           434326                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          434326                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       213008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         213008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       213008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          213008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       213008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         213008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2770                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2770                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       215778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       215778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       215778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       215778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       215778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       215778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2768                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             2768                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      69                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      4695                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    1062     39.54%     39.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     18      0.67%     40.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.04%     40.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.04%     40.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1604     59.72%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                2686                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     1061     49.56%     49.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      18      0.84%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.05%     50.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.05%     50.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    1060     49.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 2141                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               760666500     80.93%     80.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1287000      0.14%     81.06% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     81.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.01%     81.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              177833000     18.92%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           939947500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999058                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.660848                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.797096                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         3     12.00%     12.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      4.00%     16.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        4     16.00%     32.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      4.00%     36.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      4.00%     40.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      4.00%     44.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      4.00%     48.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       10     40.00%     88.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      4.00%     92.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      4.00%     96.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      4.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    25                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.12%      0.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  167      5.17%      5.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.15%      5.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2449     75.87%     81.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     97      3.00%     84.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.03%     84.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     217      6.72%     91.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  42      1.30%     92.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.06%     92.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                243      7.53%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.03%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  3228                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              383                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                196                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                195                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  196                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.509138                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.675302                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1661743500     96.70%     96.70% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            56771500      3.30%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     167                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            18444                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          485.225339                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             332583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            18444                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            18.032043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    35.834325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   449.391014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.069989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.877717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.947706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           730399                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          730399                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       189813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         189813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       138305                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        138305                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       328118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          328118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       328118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         328118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7444                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7444                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          545                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          545                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          145                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          145                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        18423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         18423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        18423                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        18423                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       200792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       200792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       145749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       145749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4659                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4659                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4623                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4623                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       346541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       346541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       346541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       346541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.054678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.054678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.051074                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.051074                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.116978                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.116978                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.031365                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.031365                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.053163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.053163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        11619                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            11619                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            25534                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            1109910                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            25534                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            43.467925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    70.252958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   441.747042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.137213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.862787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          345                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2248860                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         2248860                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1086129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1086129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1086129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         1086129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1086129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        1086129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        25534                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        25534                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        25534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         25534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        25534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        25534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1111663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1111663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1111663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      1111663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1111663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      1111663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        25534                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            25534                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                        82                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                      26     36.62%     36.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      1.41%     38.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      4.23%     42.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                     41     57.75%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                  71                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                       26     47.27%     47.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      1.82%     49.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      5.45%     54.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                      25     45.45%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                   55                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               932947000     99.51%     99.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     99.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.04%     99.55% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                4240000      0.45%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           937587500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.609756                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.774648                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      3.95%      3.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                   65     85.53%     89.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      5      6.58%     96.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       3      3.95%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                    76                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                6                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              535                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          419.651915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               3508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              535                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.557009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   419.651915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.819633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.819633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.828125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            15025                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           15025                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           3289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           37                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           37                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         6399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total            6399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         6399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total           6399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3364                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3364                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           55                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           55                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           53                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           53                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.113955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.113955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075505                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.075505                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.381818                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.381818                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.301887                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.301887                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.095676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.095676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          302                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              302                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              981                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              59381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              981                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            60.531091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            41151                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           41151                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        19104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          19104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        19104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           19104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        19104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          19104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        20085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        20085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        20085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        20085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        20085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        20085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          981                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              981                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 143                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  1196032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        149                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  675                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 675                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               19313                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              19313                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        37460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        37460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   39976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          813                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          377                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2908                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1196368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      1196368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  1199276                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                18730                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                18730                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               168570                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              168570                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        18688                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        18688                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               42                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        18688                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        18688                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           18688                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                18688                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         16706                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         8619                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          685                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            3369                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3343                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           26                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 447                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               6637                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                302                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               302                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3288                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2538                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1724                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              145                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             54                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             199                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2102                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2102                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           2965                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3225                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  26030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        21824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        12100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       330368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       541080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                  905372                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            74419                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             91735                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.054178                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.227666                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   86792     94.61%     94.61% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    4916      5.36%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      27      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               91735                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         91836                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        45575                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        11277                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            5175                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4996                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          179                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 186                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              38669                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                323                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               323                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11921                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        18244                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4207                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              256                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            161                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             417                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7442                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7442                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          26515                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         11968                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        68469                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        54845                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         2805                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         1955                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                 128074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      2747840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1944852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       116736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        61420                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 4870848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            56230                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            148124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.186162                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.392434                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  120733     81.51%     81.51% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   27208     18.37%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     182      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              148124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                2394                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           15633.334884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 27951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                2394                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               11.675439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  8183.192290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1531.947300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   863.903852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   421.907350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   935.068669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   129.581639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   244.138378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst  1033.636520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  2289.958885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.499462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.093503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.052729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.025751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.057072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.014901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.063088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.139768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.954183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9343                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4612                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          967                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.919922                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              133182                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             133182                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3288                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3288                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2538                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2538                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1698                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1699                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          107                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1998                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2105                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           53                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1881                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1934                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           54                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               5738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          107                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           54                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1998                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3579                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              5738                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          142                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           52                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          393                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total           403                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           88                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          772                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          860                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1213                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1275                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           88                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             2538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           88                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1606                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            2538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3288                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3288                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2538                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2538                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           52                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2091                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2102                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          195                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2770                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         2965                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          115                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3094                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3209                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total           8276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total          8276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.909091                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.187948                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.191722                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.451282                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.278700                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.290051                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.539130                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.392049                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.397320                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.451282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.571429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.278700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.309740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.306670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.451282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.571429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.278700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.309740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.306670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           1185                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                1185                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                7602                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           15646.271918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 36354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                7602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                4.782163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  7229.106894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst  1530.617037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  1260.938845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   719.947782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   421.165627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  1081.894514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   767.482328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst  1092.180348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  1542.938543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.441230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.093421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.076962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.043942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.025706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.066034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.046843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.066661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.094173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.954973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          600                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2476                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5952                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5990                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.989685                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              660108                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             660108                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        11921                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11921                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        18244                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        18244                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1629                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1661                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        23318                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          874                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        24192                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         9812                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          336                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        10148                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        23318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        11441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              36001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        23318                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        11441                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          874                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          368                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             36001                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          164                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          176                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          134                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5563                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          5728                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2216                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          107                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2323                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1548                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           55                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1603                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             9654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2216                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7111                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          107                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          220                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            9654                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        11921                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11921                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        18244                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        18244                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          167                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          135                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          141                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7192                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          197                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7389                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        25534                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          981                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        26515                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        11360                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          391                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        11751                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        25534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        18552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          45655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        25534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        18552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         45655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.982036                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.983240                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.992593                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.992908                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.773498                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.837563                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.775206                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.086786                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.109072                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.087611                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.136268                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.140665                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.136414                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.086786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.383301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.109072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.374150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.211455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.086786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.383301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.109072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.374150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.211455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           3570                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                3570                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                633                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              5371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               625                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              625                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        19920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             212                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           167                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2954                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2951                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4738                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        18688                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        18688                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         5813                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         9030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        10952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        11970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        39536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        16654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        56190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 77190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        43712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       193280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1820                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       238812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       331264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       332352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       842752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       355968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1198720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1769884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           28277                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            77643                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.350012                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.476977                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  50467     65.00%     65.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  27176     35.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              77643                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                186                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              5652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               323                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              323                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2513                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             440                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           179                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            519                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11595                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11542                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5466                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        13822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        13031                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        26853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        22108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        22108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 48961                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       511808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       332608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       844416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       899456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       899456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1743872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           33437                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            66393                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.502297                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499998                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  33044     49.77%     49.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  33349     50.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              66393                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         8108                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.796174                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         8108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.015170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.079203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.531658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.893526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.738965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.552822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.817450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.033229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.055845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.046185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.034551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       127624                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       127624                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6661                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6661                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           22                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          131                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          138                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          359                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          359                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1130                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1540                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide         5504                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total         5504                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         1899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1489                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         1899                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6661                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6661                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          131                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          138                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          366                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          366                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1130                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1555                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         5504                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         5504                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         1921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.980874                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.980874                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.642857                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.990354                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.642857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.988548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.642857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.988548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         6655                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         6655                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         2509                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.276489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         2509                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.040654                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.813118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     6.801137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.638063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.562351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.461820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.050820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.425071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.352379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.097647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.028864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.954781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        58931                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        58931                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           49                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total           49                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2566                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         2568                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1953                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          466                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          107                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2562                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         5130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1953                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3032                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          107                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data           38                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         5130                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           49                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           49                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2566                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2569                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1953                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          466                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          107                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2562                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         5131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         5131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999611                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks           48                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total           48                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         2509                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.403134                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         2509                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.040654                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.335618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     7.244749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.775556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.570132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.477078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.020976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.452797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.360972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.098133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.029817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.962696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        58913                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        58913                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           48                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total           48                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2566                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2568                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1953                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          465                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          107                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2561                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         5129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1953                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3031                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          107                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data           38                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         5129                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           48                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           48                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2566                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2568                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1953                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          466                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          107                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2562                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         5130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         5130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997854                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999610                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks           47                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total           47                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         8106                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.797908                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           77                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         8106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.009499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.084394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.428730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.852412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.879340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.553033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.817775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.026796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.053276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.054959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.034565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       132688                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       132688                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6655                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6655                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          131                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          138                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          357                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide         5504                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         5861                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1130                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1540                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         5531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         7401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1487                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         5531                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         7401                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6655                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6655                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          131                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          138                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          359                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         5504                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5863                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1130                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1540                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         5531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         7403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         5531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         7403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999659                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         6653                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         6653                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               19865                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              11600                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               31465                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              10994                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          10994                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 1879885                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             101470                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               101470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses        97494                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               9325                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts         6717                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts               97494                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       123991                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes        75515                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                31615                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              20013                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             11602                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      1749772.186900                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      130112.813100                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.069213                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.930787                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    17354                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass          457      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            64800     63.86%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult              81      0.08%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           21670     21.36%     85.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          11604     11.44%     97.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          2858      2.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            101470                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               45134                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               129                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           18319                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              34769                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          10411                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               79903                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               147                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           28730                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              87734                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          87855                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 1461652                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             215621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               215621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       208341                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           343                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               5461                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        22914                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              208341                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  343                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       285860                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       148292                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          178                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                80235                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              45393                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             34842                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      1246396.355645                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      215255.644355                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.147269                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.852731                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    30030                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         3850      1.78%      1.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           126216     58.49%     60.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             165      0.08%     60.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             46      0.02%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           46401     21.50%     81.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          35123     16.28%     98.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          3974      1.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            215778                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits              203960                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               752                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           18285                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits             150388                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              182                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   8                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          11052                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              354348                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               934                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   20                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           29337                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             152549                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              493                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         153042                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 1879975                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts            1110709                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps              1110709                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses      1067020                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          3104                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls              36695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts       112442                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts             1067020                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 3104                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads      1461699                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       789018                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         1374                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         1399                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               357483                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts             206397                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts            151086                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      453843.428060                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      1426131.571940                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.758591                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.241409                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                   160493                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass        19688      1.77%      1.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           696350     62.64%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            2295      0.21%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd            490      0.04%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt             11      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             2      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              6      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead          214729     19.32%     83.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite         151511     13.63%     97.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         26581      2.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total           1111663                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                3754                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 3                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              19                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits               3424                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                7178                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 3                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              19                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits               1021                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses           1021                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                 1875181                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts              20082                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                20082                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses        19427                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                862                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts         1956                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts               19427                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads        26793                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        13600                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                 7210                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts               3774                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts              3436                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1849497.794362                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      25683.205638                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.013696                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.986304                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                     3057                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass          216      1.08%      1.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            12126     60.37%     61.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult              43      0.21%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.05%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead            3877     19.30%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite           3441     17.13%     98.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess           371      1.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total             20085                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             186                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4288                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            323                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           323                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6703                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2017                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          187                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          132                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          293                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8434                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8431                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4102                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        22391                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        22391                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        13028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        13028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              35419                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       899712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       899712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       332480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       332480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1232192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        51097                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         71992                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.693244                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.461151                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               22084     30.68%     30.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               49908     69.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           71992                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 34.380377                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                34380377315500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               36643075679000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 644846                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   644846                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               85526209                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 770220                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                401986.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                259219306757                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                  259219306757                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1196224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      3122816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1451008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      2543616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1711808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      4013568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1079040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data      3292672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        22272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          18433024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1196224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1451008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1711808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1079040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      5438080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      9302336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        9302336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        18691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        48794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst        22672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        39744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        26747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        62712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        16860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data        51448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::tsunami.ide          348                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             288016                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       145349                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            145349                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        34794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data        90831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        42205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        73985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst        49790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data       116740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst        31385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        95772                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::tsunami.ide            648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               536150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        34794                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        42205                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        49790                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        31385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total          158174                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks         270571                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              270571                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks         270571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        34794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data        90831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        42205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        73985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst        49790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data       116740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst        31385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        95772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::tsunami.ide           648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              806721                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        81920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    214009408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       107392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data    281506368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        94400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    297719488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        72640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data    212175296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide     31618176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total        1037385088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        81920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       107392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        94400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        72640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       356352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    390916288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      390916288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data      3343897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1678                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data      4398537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      4651867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data      3315239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide       494034                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total           16209142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      6108067                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           6108067                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst         2383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      6224754                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      8187995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst         2746                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      8659576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      6171407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide         919658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             30173755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         2383                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3124                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         2746                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2113                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total           10365                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       11370332                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            11370332                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       11370332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst         2383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      6224754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst         3124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      8187995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst         2746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      8659576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst         2113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      6171407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide        919658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            41544087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    2165                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                 670531561                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0               222497016     49.96%     49.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     47      0.00%     49.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                  35205      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     99      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31              222791463     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total           445323830                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                222496976     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      47      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                   35205      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      99      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31               222496947     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total            445029274                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            28678598416500     83.42%     83.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3525000      0.00%     83.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1725045000      0.01%     83.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               17236000      0.00%     83.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31           5700033105000     16.58%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        34380377327500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 1.000000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998678                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999339                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      2.17%      2.17% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       11     23.91%     26.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        3      6.52%     32.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                       31     67.39%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    46                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  173      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  270      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl            222909893     50.05%     50.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                  70457      0.02%     50.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti               222378588     49.93%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  79      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                552      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total             445360014                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel        222378855                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user          222354309                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel          222354308                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user            222354309                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999890                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999945                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      28437902804500     82.71%     82.71% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        5943438032500     17.29%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     270                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements         86295932                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          508.275801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs        27143033233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         86295932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           314.534331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   508.275801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.992726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      56169668352                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses     56169668352                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data  14526626577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total    14526626577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data  12190953268                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total   12190953268                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       214148                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       214148                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       255921                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       255921                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data  26717579845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total     26717579845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data  26717579845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total    26717579845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data    529264990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total    529264990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data    525158083                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total    525158083                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        52942                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        52942                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        11000                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        11000                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data   1054423073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total    1054423073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data   1054423073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total   1054423073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data  15055891567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total  15055891567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data  12716111351                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total  12716111351                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       267090                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       267090                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       266921                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       266921                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data  27772002918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total  27772002918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data  27772002918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total  27772002918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.035153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.041299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.198218                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.198218                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.041211                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.041211                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.037967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.037967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     45439549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total         45439549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements         85864363                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs        60894935837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs         85864363                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           709.199180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses     129268125413                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses    129268125413                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst  64505266162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    64505266162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst  64505266162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total     64505266162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst  64505266162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total    64505266162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst     85864363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     85864363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst     85864363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total      85864363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst     85864363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total     85864363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst  64591130525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total  64591130525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst  64591130525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total  64591130525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst  64591130525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total  64591130525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks     85864363                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total         85864363                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2627                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                 598715282                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0               198304677     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                  35205      0.01%     49.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    117      0.00%     49.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31              198530760     50.02%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total           396870759                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                198304677     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                   35205      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     117      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31               198304629     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total            396644628                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            29304966886000     85.24%     85.24% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1725045000      0.01%     85.24% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               21154000      0.00%     85.24% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31           5073664440500     14.76%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        34380377525500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998861                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999430                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                        2      7.69%      7.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::73                       24     92.31%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                    26                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   88      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  264      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl            198643854     50.05%     50.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                  70439      0.02%     50.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti               198191583     49.93%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  52      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                649      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total             396906931                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel        198189170                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user          198169400                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2677                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel          198169422                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user            198169400                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   22                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999900                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.008218                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999943                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      23431661839000     68.15%     68.15% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        8428286156000     24.51%     92.67% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        2521053485000      7.33%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     264                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements         57644429                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          507.987976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs        26506081145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         57644429                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           459.820344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   507.987976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.992164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          491                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.958984                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      54660334410                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses     54660334410                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data  14519383390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total    14519383390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data  11598653961                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total   11598653961                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       127721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       127721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       141870                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       141870                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data  26118037351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total     26118037351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data  26118037351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total    26118037351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data    446278638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total    446278638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data    491221159                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total    491221159                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        27316                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        27316                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13011                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        13011                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data    937499797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total     937499797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data    937499797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total    937499797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data  14965662028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total  14965662028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data  12089875120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total  12089875120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       155037                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       155037                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       154881                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       154881                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data  27055537148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total  27055537148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data  27055537148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total  27055537148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.029820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.040631                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040631                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.176190                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.176190                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.084006                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.084006                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.034651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.034651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     43111269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         43111269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements        136948251                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs        43335147257                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs        136948251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           316.434470                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses     127584860697                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses    127584860697                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst  63587007972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    63587007972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst  63587007972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total     63587007972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst  63587007972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total    63587007972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst    136948251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total    136948251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst    136948251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total     136948251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst    136948251                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total    136948251                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst  63723956223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total  63723956223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst  63723956223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total  63723956223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst  63723956223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total  63723956223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks    136948251                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total        136948251                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                    1732                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                 678618784                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0               211942744     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    330      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                  35205      0.01%     49.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                    137      0.00%     49.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31              212177268     50.02%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total           424155684                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                211942743     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     330      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                   35205      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                     137      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31               211942725     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total            423921140                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            28953619300500     84.22%     84.22% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               23595000      0.00%     84.22% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1725045000      0.01%     84.22% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30               21326000      0.00%     84.22% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31           5424987798500     15.78%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        34380377065000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 1.000000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998895                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999447                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                      7821     98.33%     98.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         1      0.01%     98.34% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        2      0.03%     98.37% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      0.01%     98.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                      102      1.28%     99.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                       24      0.30%     99.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        3      0.04%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                  7954                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   95      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  305      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl            212307672     45.83%     45.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                  72252      0.02%     45.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti               211812365     45.72%     91.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                7979      0.00%     91.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     91.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique           39059194      8.43%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total             463259864                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel        211812671                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user          211790747                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel          211790748                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user            211790747                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999896                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999948                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      25485975196000     74.13%     74.13% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        8894401524500     25.87%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     305                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements         38055725                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          508.349381                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs        28197495052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         38055725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           740.952775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   508.349381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.992870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          491                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          445                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.958984                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      58063644940                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses     58063644940                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data  15325435627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total    15325435627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data  12306049853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total   12306049853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     78357804                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total     78357804                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     78390792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total     78390792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data  27631485480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total     27631485480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data  27631485480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total    27631485480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data    462504682                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total    462504682                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data    503598042                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total    503598042                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        45566                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        45566                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12194                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        12194                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data    966102724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total     966102724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data    966102724                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total    966102724                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data  15787940309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total  15787940309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data  12809647895                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total  12809647895                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     78403370                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total     78403370                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     78402986                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total     78402986                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data  28597588204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total  28597588204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data  28597588204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total  28597588204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.029295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.039314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000581                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000581                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000156                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.033783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.033783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     24193995                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total         24193995                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements        107820797                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs        59948615944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs        107820797                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           556.002345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses     135828957879                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses    135828957879                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst  67752747744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    67752747744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst  67752747744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total     67752747744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst  67752747744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total    67752747744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst    107820797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total    107820797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst    107820797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total     107820797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst    107820797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total    107820797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst  67860568541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total  67860568541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst  67860568541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total  67860568541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst  67860568541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total  67860568541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks    107820797                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total        107820797                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                    2675                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                 634901601                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0               210776122     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                  35205      0.01%     49.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    218      0.00%     49.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31              211001322     50.02%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total           421812867                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                210776122     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                   35205      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     218      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31               210776170     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total            421587715                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            28986762202500     84.31%     84.31% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1725045000      0.01%     84.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               24777000      0.00%     84.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31           5391866172500     15.68%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        34380378197000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998933                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999466                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        1      3.85%      3.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::73                       25     96.15%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    26                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   91      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  286      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl            211115260     50.05%     50.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                  70460      0.02%     50.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti               210662281     49.94%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  60      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                415      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total             421848855                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel        210662567                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user          210638894                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel          210638894                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user            210638894                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999888                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999944                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      27364190364500     79.59%     79.59% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        7017192021500     20.41%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     286                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements         41973507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          506.985057                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs        26744958114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         41973507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           637.186645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   506.985057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.990205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      55178746317                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses     55178746317                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data  14442615728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total    14442615728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data  11892394116                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total   11892394116                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       122731                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       122731                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       141649                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       141649                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data  26335009844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total     26335009844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data  26335009844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total    26335009844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data    466527565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total    466527565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data    507112065                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total    507112065                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        32230                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        32230                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        13145                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        13145                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data    973639630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total     973639630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data    973639630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total    973639630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data  14909143293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total  14909143293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data  12399506181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total  12399506181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       154961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       154961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       154794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       154794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data  27308649474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total  27308649474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data  27308649474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total  27308649474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.031291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.040898                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040898                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.207988                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.207988                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.084919                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.084919                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.035653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.035653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     31892056                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total         31892056                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements        111326702                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs        55992430699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs        111326702                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           502.955982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          305                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses     127668963614                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses    127668963614                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst  63667491754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    63667491754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst  63667491754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total     63667491754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst  63667491754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total    63667491754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst    111326702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total    111326702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst    111326702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total     111326702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst    111326702                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total    111326702                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst  63778818456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total  63778818456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst  63778818456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total  63778818456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst  63778818456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total  63778818456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks    111326702                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total        111326702                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                     28672                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           7                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                3928                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                 32223232                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                       3939                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 5464                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                5464                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              651390                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             651390                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       285502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio        15840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       303740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1009968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      1009968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1313708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio      1142008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          518                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         8910                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      1153552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     32260288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total     32260288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 33413840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               504984                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               504984                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              4544856                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             4544856                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             1496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       503488                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       503488                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         1496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total              1496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         1496                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total             1496                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           1496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       503488                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       503488                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         1496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total            1496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         1496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total           1496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          503504                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               503504                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests    2581592728                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests   1256699528                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests    444970746                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops      1248564719                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops   1218886994                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops     29677725                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 282                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp         1198436782                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              71076                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             71076                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     88550818                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean     96883315                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         21014422                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        818768356                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          24011                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       818792367                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq         197610886                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp        197610886                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      222812614                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     975623886                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    208863307                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   2167088842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    333645236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   1926673392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total             4636270777                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   7871932416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side  42882463683                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side  12588607040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side  37872382288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total            101215385427                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                       2792709412                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples        4177809658                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.536008                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.512750                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0              1968150903     47.11%     47.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1              2179977746     52.18%     99.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                29680786      0.71%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                     223      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total          4177809658                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests    2458169719                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests   1195505860                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests    424809384                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops      1237955936                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops   1207814688                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops     30141248                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                3686                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp         1148261228                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              76826                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             76826                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     56086051                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean     94871879                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         13628762                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        824136471                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          25339                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       824161810                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq         186573636                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp        186573636                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      219147499                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     929110043                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    262626995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   1964626115                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    270539882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   1984940700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total             4482733692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   9907596672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side  37059489993                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side  10189643520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side  37934358068                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total             95091088253                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                       2769856162                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples        4031363779                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.543213                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.512926                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0              1871629059     46.43%     46.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1              2129578866     52.83%     99.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                30155506      0.75%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                     344      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total          4031363779                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements             7902421                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           15898.324545                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs            1069298620                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs             7902421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs              135.312788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2962.374382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    77.626072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    42.489471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    20.564796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    44.999127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   237.146521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  2896.349568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   306.077651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  9310.696958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.180809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.004738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.002593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.001255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.002747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.176779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.018681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.568280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.970357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12575                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.983948                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses         15304694644                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses        15304694644                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     88550818                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total     88550818                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     96883315                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total     96883315                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          131                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          170                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total            301                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          124                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           92                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total          216                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      9404104                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     21446651                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total        30850755                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     85844392                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    136923901                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total    222768293                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     80865501                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     39118509                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total    119984010                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     85844392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     90269605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    136923901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data     60565160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total          373603058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     85844392                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     90269605                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    136923901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data     60565160                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total         373603058                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data    301175924                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data    260236841                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total    561412765                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8788                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        10845                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        19633                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     58618984                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     53576775                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total     112195759                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        19971                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        24350                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        44321                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data    305698674                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data    264352699                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total    570051373                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        19971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data    364317658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        24350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data    317929474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total        682291453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        19971                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data    364317658                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        24350                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data    317929474                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total       682291453                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     88550818                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     88550818                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     96883315                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total     96883315                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    301176055                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    260237011                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total    561413066                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8912                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        10937                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        19849                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     68023088                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     75023426                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total    143046514                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     85864363                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    136948251                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total    222812614                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    386564175                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    303471208                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total    690035383                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     85864363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    454587263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    136948251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    378494634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total     1055894511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     85864363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    454587263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    136948251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    378494634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total    1055894511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     1.000000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999999                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999999                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.986086                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.991588                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989118                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.861751                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.714134                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.784331                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000233                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000178                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.790810                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.871096                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.826119                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.801425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.839984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.646174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.801425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.839984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.646174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks        2581967                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total             2581967                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             8150952                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           15940.819086                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs             972343551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             8150952                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs              119.292023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle        4019048399500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  3045.569349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    15.172873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     6.137660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     5.770221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     1.280214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   216.773480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  5998.918671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   316.247888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  6334.948736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.185887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.013231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.366145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.019302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.386655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.972950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3812                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.983154                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses         14419004121                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses        14419004121                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     56086051                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total     56086051                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     94871879                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total     94871879                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          196                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          197                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total            393                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           47                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          114                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total          161                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      8176159                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     10218921                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total        18395080                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    107792544                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    111308682                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total    219101226                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     32643610                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     35852526                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     68496136                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    107792544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     40819769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    111308682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data     46071447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total          305992442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    107792544                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     40819769                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    111308682                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data     46071447                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total         305992442                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data    279991625                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data    281595094                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total    561586719                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8652                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9346                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        17998                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     56482674                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data     56343647                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total     112826321                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        28253                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        18020                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        46273                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data    284340200                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data    285138499                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total    569478699                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        28253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data    340822874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        18020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data    341482146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total        682351293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        28253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data    340822874                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        18020                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data    341482146                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total       682351293                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     56086051                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     56086051                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     94871879                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total     94871879                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    279991821                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    281595291                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total    561587112                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         8699                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         9460                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        18159                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     64658833                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     66562568                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total    131221401                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    107820797                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    111326702                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total    219147499                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    316983810                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    320991025                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total    637974835                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    107820797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    381642643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    111326702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    387553593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total      988343735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    107820797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    381642643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    111326702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    387553593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total     988343735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999999                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999999                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999999                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994597                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.987949                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991134                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.873549                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.846476                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.859816                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000262                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000162                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.897018                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.888307                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.892635                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.893042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.881122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.690399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.893042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.881122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.690399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        3176017                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             3176017                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               3968                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp        1134424890                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq            147902                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp           147902                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3160279                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         5302478                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1644734814                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         31632                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp     1124856835                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq        330302561                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp       220386121                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq   1134420922                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       503488                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       503488                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port   2783868280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     23339736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       142716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total   2807350732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port   2789900608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       161024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total   2790061632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        28188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      1486728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1514916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total            5598927280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port  43114566272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side    658709504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       568211                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total  43773843987                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port  43104312832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       585341                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total  43104898173                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       603136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     31716864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     32320000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total            86911062160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        33205289                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples       3151817785                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.010523                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.102041                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2             3118651123     98.95%     98.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               33166662      1.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total         3151817785                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq               3686                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp         575130017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq             76826                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp            76826                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      6188340                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         9174376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       825073369                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         40534                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp      562552936                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq        169917499                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp       114565030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq    575126331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     23568673                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side   2790102205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total   2813670878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     24254892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     24254892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total            2837925770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    709547456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side  43105601277                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total  43815148733                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    721737472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total    721737472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total            44536886205                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                      2745175805                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples       3135015880                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.493915                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499963                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1             1586583583     50.61%     50.61% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2             1548432297     49.39%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total         3135015880                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements      8596661                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.271477                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs        20754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs      8596661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.002414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.255294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.105821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     7.571920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.158070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     5.177280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.003092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.140956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.473245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.323580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.954467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses    143033692                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses    143033692                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3014930                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      3014930                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          112                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          187                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          299                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          453                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          610                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1073                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total         1372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          565                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          797                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total         1372                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7840                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3797                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        11637                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4539                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7286                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        11825                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       896485                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1272784                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total      2169269                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1280                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2458467                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1678                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3139814                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1102                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      5602341                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide       494464                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total       494464                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3354952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4412598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         1102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total      7771610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1280                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3354952                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1678                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4412598                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         1102                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total      7771610                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3014930                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3014930                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7840                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3797                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        11637                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4539                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         7286                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        11825                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       896597                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1272971                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2169568                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1280                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2458920                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1678                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3140424                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1112                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      5603414                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       494464                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       494464                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3355517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      4413395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total      7772982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3355517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      4413395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         1112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total      7772982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999875                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999853                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999862                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999816                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999806                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.991007                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999809                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.991007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.991007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks      3013566                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total      3013566                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements       193625                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse     9.928628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs    523288051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs       193625                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs  2702.585157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.788020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.100496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.714580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.346271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.979261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.049251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.131281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.107161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.146642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.186204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.620539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses  10562271690                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses  10562271690                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        80273                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        80273                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          657                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          553                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total         1210                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1068                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          971                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2071                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total         3281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           16                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1725                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           16                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1524                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total         3281                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data    280470880                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data    282031362                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total    562502242                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2817                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3392                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         6209                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     54388905                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data     54718467                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total    109107372                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        26762                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data    281286376                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        16869                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data    282994941                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total    564324948                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        26762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data    335675281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        16869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data    337713408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total    673432320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        26762                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data    335675281                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        16869                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data    337713408                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total    673432320                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        80273                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        80273                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    280470880                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    282031363                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total    562502243                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2817                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3392                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         6209                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     54389562                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     54719020                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total    109108582                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        26778                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    281287444                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        16885                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    282995912                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total    564327019                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        26778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    335677006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        16885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    337714932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total    673435601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        26778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    335677006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        16885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    337714932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total    673435601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     1.000000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     1.000000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999988                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999990                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999989                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999402                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999996                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999052                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999997                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999996                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks        77056                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total        77056                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       189626                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse     9.913042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs    523286838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       189626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs  2759.573255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.661648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.135128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.762392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.363574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.990300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.041353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.133446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.110150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.147723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.186894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.619565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses  10562213551                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses  10562213551                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        77056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        77056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          531                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          493                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total         1024                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          603                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          589                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1216                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total         2240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1134                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1082                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total         2240                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data    280470880                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data    282031362                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total    562502242                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2817                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3392                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         6209                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     54388374                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data     54717974                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total    109106348                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        26747                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data    281285773                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        16860                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data    282994352                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total    564323732                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        26747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data    335674147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        16860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data    337712326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total    673430080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        26747                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data    335674147                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        16860                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data    337712326                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total    673430080                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        77056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        77056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    280470880                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    282031362                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total    562502242                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2817                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3392                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         6209                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     54388905                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     54718467                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total    109107372                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        26762                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    281286376                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        16869                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    282994941                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total    564324948                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        26762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    335675281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        16869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    337713408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total    673432320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        26762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    335675281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        16869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    337713408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total    673432320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999990                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999991                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999991                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999440                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999998                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999466                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999998                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999998                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        74808                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        74808                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements      8594357                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.276125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs        20568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs      8594357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.002393                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.976223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.115215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     7.731186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.175305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     5.274355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.003840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.123514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.483199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.329647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.954758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses    143503439                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses    143503439                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3013566                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      3013566                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          120                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          267                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          394                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          588                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          982                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total         1249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          514                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          735                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total         1249                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7840                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3797                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        11637                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4539                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7286                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        11825                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       896365                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1272637                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide       494464                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total      2663466                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1280                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2458073                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1678                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3139226                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1102                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      5601359                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3354438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4411863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       495566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total      8264825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1280                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3354438                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1678                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4411863                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       495566                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total      8264825                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3013566                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3013566                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7840                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3797                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        11637                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4539                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         7286                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        11825                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       896485                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1272784                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       494464                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2663733                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1280                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2458467                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1678                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3139814                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1102                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      5602341                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3354952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      4412598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       495566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total      8266074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3354952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      4412598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       495566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total      8266074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999866                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999885                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999900                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999840                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999813                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999825                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks      3012323                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total      3012323                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits         15055718561                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses           2048731                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses      2108418608                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits        12938756323                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses           747786                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses      955257004                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits         27994474884                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses           2796517                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses      3063675612                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits        22791437489                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              591                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses    22791438080                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles             68760756796                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts        64365994918                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps          64365994918                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses  61677090884                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses      34768462                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls          542130448                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts   5889268190                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts         61677090884                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts             34768462                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads  83859946293                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes  43225370168                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads     20344013                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes     20343643                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs          28207816342                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts        15232023514                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts       12975792828                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      4169625811.284648                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      64591130984.715355                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.939360                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.060640                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches               8033110436                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass    629011588      0.97%      0.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu      30565842708     47.32%     48.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult        20572421      0.03%     48.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd       14420729      0.02%     48.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp            518      0.00%     48.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt        6101091      0.01%     48.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             8      0.00%     48.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv        2033697      0.00%     48.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     48.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     48.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     48.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     48.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     48.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     48.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     48.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     48.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     48.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead     15232527086     23.58%     71.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite    12975867722     20.09%     92.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess    5144752957      7.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total       64591130525                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits         14965209982                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses           2643256                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses      3439098112                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits        12288220886                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses           977969                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses     1599893361                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits         27253430868                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses           3621225                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses      5038991473                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits        26573887830                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              483                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses    26573888313                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles             68760757720                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts        63522183677                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps          63522183677                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses  60602146116                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses      41005206                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls          560155096                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts   5772838241                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts         60602146116                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts             41005206                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads  82740722995                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes  42823638912                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads     22653079                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes     22653222                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs          27369225093                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts        15057078475                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts       12312146618                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      5036800778.274487                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      63723956941.725510                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.926749                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.073251                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches               7803584020                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass   1038632542      1.63%      1.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu      30657591781     48.11%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult        34434412      0.05%     49.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     49.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd       18347551      0.03%     49.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt        6794508      0.01%     49.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     49.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv        2264836      0.00%     49.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     49.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     49.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     49.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     49.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     49.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     49.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     49.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     49.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead     15057353018     23.63%     73.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite    12312151748     19.32%     92.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess    4596385827      7.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total       63723956223                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits         15826714572                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses           2800179                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses      3507217576                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits        13099868492                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses           762548                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses     1663990365                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits         28926583064                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses           3562727                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses      5171207941                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits        28174074595                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              600                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses    28174075195                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles             68760756363                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts        67645245868                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps          67645245868                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses  64522310612                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses      32138055                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls          630865780                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts   6300313008                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts         64522310612                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts             32138055                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads  87675164967                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes  45533595754                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads     17756504                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes     17756668                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs          29171917538                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts        16053415425                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts       13118502113                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      900187234.224600                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      67860569128.775398                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.986908                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.013092                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches               8519494831                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass    982003900      1.45%      1.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu      32631235191     48.09%     49.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult        27011818      0.04%     49.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     49.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd       14376047      0.02%     49.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt        5325246      0.01%     49.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     49.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv        1775082      0.00%     49.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     49.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     49.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     49.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     49.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     49.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     49.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     49.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     49.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead     16132063120     23.77%     73.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite    13118519842     19.33%     92.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess    4948258295      7.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total       67860568541                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits         14908843939                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses           1505011                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses      2663616700                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits        12610322538                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses           889892                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses     1242995308                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits         27519166477                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses           2394903                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses      3906612008                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits        24362924951                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              515                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses    24362925466                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles             68760759111                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts        63565801551                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps          63565801551                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses  60790855664                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses      40507771                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls          550242528                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts   5785732738                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts         60790855664                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts             40507771                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads  82766376388                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes  42725035643                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads     23481380                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes     23481518                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs          27723009734                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts        15094105057                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts       12628904677                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      4981938659.592294                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      63778820451.407707                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.927547                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.072453                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches               7875545899                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass    799122031      1.25%      1.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu      30331699390     47.56%     48.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult        27349072      0.04%     48.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd       17021207      0.03%     48.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     48.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt        7042803      0.01%     48.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     48.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv        2347601      0.00%     48.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     48.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     48.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     48.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     48.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     48.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     48.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     48.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     48.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     48.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead     15094379593     23.67%     72.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite    12628909990     19.80%     92.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess    4870946769      7.64%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total       63778818456                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            3686                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp      569930975                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          76826                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         76826                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3090622                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      5295505                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq    825063307                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        23193                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp    562531913                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq     167123407                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp    111771105                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq    569927289                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     24822329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     24822329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side   2790092325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total   2790092325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total         2814914654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side    721896960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total    721896960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side  43105185405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total  43105185405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total         43827082365                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                   2769590955                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples    3143412508                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.500351                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.500000                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1          1570603835     49.96%     49.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2          1572808673     50.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total      3143412508                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.004885                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4884961500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               36647960640500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                            34795473582                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                              34795089234                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              655675645                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 771244                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                259229226199                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                  259229226199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       149376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       610688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        12672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        87616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       210880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        31424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        15808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1120448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       149376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        12672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        87616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        31424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       281088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       298432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         298432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         2334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         9542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         3295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              17507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         4663                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              4663                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     30578747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    125013882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2594084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       406144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     17935863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     43169225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      6432804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      3236054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            229366803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     30578747                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2594084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     17935863                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      6432804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        57541498                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       61091986                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            61091986                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       61091986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     30578747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    125013882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      2594084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       406144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     17935863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     43169225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      6432804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      3236054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           290458789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        16064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       645184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         1472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        43136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       256576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        70848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1036352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        16064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        43136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        62272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       741376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         741376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        10081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         4009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              16193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks        11584                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             11584                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3288460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    132075555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       301333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      8830366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     52523648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       628869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     14503287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            212151518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3288460                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      8830366                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       628869                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        12747695                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      151767010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           151767010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      151767010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      3288460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    132075555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       301333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      8830366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     52523648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       628869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     14503287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           363918528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     23976                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   10838     48.23%     48.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    343      1.53%     49.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      5      0.02%     49.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.00%     49.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  11283     50.21%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               22470                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    10836     49.21%     49.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     343      1.56%     50.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       5      0.02%     50.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.00%     50.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   10835     49.21%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                22020                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              2716333500     55.61%     55.61% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               25725000      0.53%     56.13% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 245000      0.01%     56.14% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     56.14% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2142386000     43.86%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          4884801500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999815                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.960294                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.979973                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      2.08%      2.08% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                        26     54.17%     56.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      2.08%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      2.08%     60.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      2.08%     62.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3      6.25%     68.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4      8.33%     77.08% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                       10     20.83%     97.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      2.08%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    48                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   96      0.42%      0.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   84      0.37%      0.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                21602     95.37%     96.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     94      0.42%     96.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     96.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     519      2.29%     98.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  54      0.24%     99.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.01%     99.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                196      0.87%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 22650                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              603                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                168                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                168                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  168                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.278607                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.435798                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        4748447500     97.21%     97.21% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           136354000      2.79%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      84                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            45678                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.587364                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            6778623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            46190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           146.755207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   496.587364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.969897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          446                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3792430                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3792430                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1161546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1161546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       615530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        615530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        23982                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        23982                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        24853                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        24853                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1777076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1777076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1777076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1777076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        29998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        29998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        15356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        15356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1448                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1448                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          278                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          278                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        45354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         45354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        45354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        45354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1191544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1191544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       630886                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       630886                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        25430                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        25430                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        25131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        25131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1822430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1822430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1822430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1822430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.025176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.024340                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024340                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.056941                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.056941                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011062                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.011062                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.024887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.024887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        36690                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            36690                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            12405                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999892                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         3617541836                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            12917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         280060.527677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          332                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         14211931                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        14211931                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      7087355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7087355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      7087355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         7087355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      7087355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        7087355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        12407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        12407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        12407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         12407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        12407                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        12407                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      7099762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7099762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      7099762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      7099762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      7099762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      7099762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        12405                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            12405                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      37                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       212                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      60     35.71%     35.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      5      2.98%     38.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     32     19.05%     57.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                     71     42.26%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 168                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       60     48.00%     48.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       5      4.00%     52.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      32     25.60%     77.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      28     22.40%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  125                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              4668155000     99.74%     99.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 245000      0.01%     99.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                6577500      0.14%     99.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5401000      0.12%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          4680378500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.394366                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.744048                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   32     18.29%     18.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.57%     18.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                   94     53.71%     72.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     10      5.71%     78.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      37     21.14%     99.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.57%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   175                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 68                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.014706                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.028986                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel           3139000      0.09%      0.09% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0      0.00%      0.09% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          3309128000     99.91%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      32                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              162                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          451.903481                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            1128226                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1915.494058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   451.903481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.882624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.882624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.833984                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            20780                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           20780                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         6106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           6106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          129                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          129                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           55                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           55                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         9456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total            9456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         9456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total           9456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          139                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           54                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           54                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          124                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          124                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         6360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total         9849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total         9849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.039937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.039839                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039839                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.295082                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.295082                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.692737                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.692737                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.039903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.039903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              427                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs        20251942516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         21567563.914803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          334                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses            58003                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses           58003                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        28361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          28361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        28361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total           28361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        28361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total          28361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        28788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        28788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        28788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total        28788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        28788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total        28788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.014833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.014833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.014833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          427                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              427                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      36                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      8021                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    3720     49.57%     49.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      5      0.07%     49.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     32      0.43%     50.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   3748     49.94%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                7505                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     3720     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       5      0.07%     50.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      32      0.43%     50.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    3687     49.53%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 7444                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              3874433000     82.81%     82.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 245000      0.01%     82.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                6547000      0.14%     82.96% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              797483000     17.04%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          4678708000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.983725                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.991872                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1     16.67%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1     16.67%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         1     16.67%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1     16.67%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1     16.67%     83.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1     16.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                     6                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   56      0.74%      0.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.04%      0.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 7404     97.96%     98.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     10      0.13%     98.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.01%     98.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                      64      0.85%     99.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  13      0.17%     99.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       6      0.08%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  7558                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              120                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 27                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 27                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   27                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.225000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.367347                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        4564860500     99.13%     99.13% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            40157000      0.87%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      56                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            32929                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          483.980320                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            2697216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            33296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            81.007208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   483.980320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.945274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.945274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.716797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1388710                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1388710                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       416767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         416767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       210372                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        210372                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         7641                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7641                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         8219                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8219                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       627139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          627139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       627139                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         627139                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        18488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        14287                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        14287                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1280                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1280                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          699                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          699                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        32775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         32775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        32775                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        32775                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       435255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       435255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       224659                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       224659                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         8921                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8921                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         8918                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8918                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       659914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       659914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       659914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       659914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.042476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.063594                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.063594                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.143482                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.143482                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.078381                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.078381                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.049666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.049666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        28353                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            28353                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             4293                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.990294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         7806770192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4805                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         1624718.042040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.990294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5236970                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         5236970                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      2612038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2612038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      2612038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         2612038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      2612038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        2612038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          4298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4298                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         4298                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      2616336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2616336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      2616336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      2616336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      2616336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      2616336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4293                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             4293                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      38                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1072                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     162     36.49%     36.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      5      1.13%     37.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     64     14.41%     52.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    213     47.97%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 444                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      162     41.43%     41.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       5      1.28%     42.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      64     16.37%     59.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     160     40.92%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  391                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              4657973000     99.53%     99.53% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 245000      0.01%     99.53% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                7644500      0.16%     99.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               14118000      0.30%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          4679980500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.751174                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.880631                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.19%      0.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   90     17.18%     17.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.95%     18.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  301     57.44%     75.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     11      2.10%     77.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     105     20.04%     97.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.72%     99.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.38%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   524                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              195                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.343590                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.511450                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        4643023000     99.82%     99.82% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.18%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      90                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2551                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          467.193644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            3228816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3010                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1072.696346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   467.193644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.912488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.912488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.896484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           109710                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          109710                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        30815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        18023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         18023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          537                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          537                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          541                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          541                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        48838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           48838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        48838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          48838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          161                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          161                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          156                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          156                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          3126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3126                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         3126                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        32832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        32832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        19132                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        19132                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          698                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          698                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        51964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        51964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        51964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        51964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.061434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.057966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.057966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.230659                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.230659                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.223816                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.223816                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.060157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.060157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1330                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1330                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1803                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         7675244942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2315                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         3315440.579698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          473                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           353525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          353525                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       174058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         174058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       174058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          174058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       174058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         174058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       175861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       175861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       175861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       175861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       175861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       175861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.010252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.010252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.010252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 2058                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                2058                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1694                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1694                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         2744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         3642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         7504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    7504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         4472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         3773                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1821                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        10066                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    10066                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests        119157                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        59221                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         3617                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           10439                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        10201                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          238                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                2058                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              46646                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               1616                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              1616                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        36758                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        10542                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             8059                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              443                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            402                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             845                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             15052                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            15052                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          12834                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         31754                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        35033                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       146102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1177                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                 183677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1448064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      5329985                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        48000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        27560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 6853609                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            73794                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            196016                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.089865                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.290204                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  178639     91.13%     91.13% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   17139      8.74%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     238      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              196016                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         85874                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        43440                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2627                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           10711                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        10407                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          304                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              28047                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 78                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                78                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        29683                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4651                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4893                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1146                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            855                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2001                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             14250                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            14250                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           6101                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         21946                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        12037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       101784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         4816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         9342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                 127979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       495296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      3939953                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       192832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       276920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 4905001                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            75190                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            160306                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.100664                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.307325                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  144483     90.13%     90.13% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   15509      9.67%     99.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     314      0.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              160306                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               20845                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           15806.648730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               1440694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               36922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               39.019934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  5644.734969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   962.756441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  5949.973173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   335.230370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  2913.953778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.344527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.058762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.363158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.020461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.177854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.964761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16077                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3979                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5543                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          575                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.981262                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              962058                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             962058                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        36758                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36758                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        10542                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        10542                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         7570                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            7576                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         9821                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          229                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        10050                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        17694                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           87                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        17781                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         9821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           93                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total              35407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         9821                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25264                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          229                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           93                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total             35407                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          338                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           78                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          416                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          235                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          290                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7431                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          7445                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2585                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          198                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2783                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13566                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           82                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        13648                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        20997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            23876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        20997                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          198                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           96                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           23876                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        36758                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36758                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        10542                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        10542                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          342                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          422                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          235                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          290                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        15001                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        15021                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        12406                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          427                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        12833                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        31260                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          169                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        31429                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        12406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        46261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          59283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        12406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        46261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         59283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.988304                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.975000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.985782                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.495367                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.700000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.495639                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.208367                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.463700                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.216863                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.433973                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.485207                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.434249                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.208367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.453881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.463700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.507937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.402746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.208367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.453881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.463700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.507937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.402746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks          10423                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total               10423                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               13723                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           15998.638999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                880310                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               28554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               30.829656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  6242.864473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   302.122097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  4723.833008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   396.373850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  4333.445571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.381034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.018440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.288320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.024193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.264493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.976479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2683                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2841                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.905212                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              695368                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             695368                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        29683                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        29683                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4651                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         4651                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           58                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           58                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total            116                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         9791                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          195                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            9986                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2255                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1264                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3519                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        13357                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1169                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        14526                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        23148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              28031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        23148                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1264                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1364                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             28031                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          755                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          221                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          976                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          690                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          801                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3630                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          585                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          4215                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2043                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          539                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2582                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6330                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          906                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7236                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            14033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2043                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9960                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          539                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1491                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           14033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        29683                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        29683                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4651                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4651                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          813                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          279                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1092                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          691                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          802                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        13421                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          780                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        14201                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4298                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1803                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         6101                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        19687                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2075                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        21762                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        33108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          42064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        33108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         42064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.928659                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.792115                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.893773                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998553                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998753                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.270472                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.296810                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.475337                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.298946                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.423209                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.321532                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.436627                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.332506                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.475337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.300834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.298946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.522242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.333611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.475337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.300834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.298946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.522242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.333611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           5839                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                5839                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               2058                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             24546                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              1694                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             1694                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            9782                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1279                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1095                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2217                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        22488                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        29657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        39782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         7348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        76787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        19611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        19767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 96554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1029120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      1163008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9449                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      2201577                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       562368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          617                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       562985                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                2764562                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           42212                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           101183                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.413063                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.492386                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  59388     58.69%     58.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  41795     41.31%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             101183                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             14854                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                78                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               78                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12602                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           13343                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1494                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           997                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2335                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            10558                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10479                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        14854                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        24935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        19872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        44807                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        36865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        36865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 81672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       702400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       563497                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1265897                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1162560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      1162560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                2428457                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           33303                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            90311                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.362237                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.480650                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  57597     63.78%     63.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  32714     36.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              90311                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        11338                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.782632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        11354                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.016118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.558202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.483462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.699429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.041539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.847388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.030216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.106214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.002596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       240932                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       240932                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6770                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6770                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          286                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           69                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          355                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6355                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         6366                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          251                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4749                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5036                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        11104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total        11402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          251                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        11104                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           47                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total        11402                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6770                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6770                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          286                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           69                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          355                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6355                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6366                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          251                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4749                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5036                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        11104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total        11402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        11104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total        11402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         6767                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         6767                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         5900                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    13.649909                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs         1166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         5915                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.197126                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.526464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.155592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.884025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     5.143368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.940460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.032904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.072225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.242752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.321461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.183779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.853119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        92395                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        92395                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1018                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1018                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          733                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           54                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          787                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          605                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          677                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1714                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1720                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1369                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3869                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          491                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          328                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6057                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         7777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1369                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5583                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          491                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          334                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         7777                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1018                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1018                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          733                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           54                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          787                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          605                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          677                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1714                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1720                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1369                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3869                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          491                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          328                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6057                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         7777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         7777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         1011                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         1011                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         5895                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.564992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs         1164                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         5908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.197021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.254727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.175940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.885344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     5.310977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.938003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.015920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.073496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.242834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.331936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.183625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.847812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        92332                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        92332                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1011                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1011                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          733                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           54                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          787                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          605                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          677                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1714                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1720                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1369                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3869                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          491                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          328                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6057                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         7777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1369                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5583                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          491                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          334                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         7777                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1011                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1011                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          733                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           54                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          787                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          605                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          677                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1714                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1720                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1369                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3869                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          491                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          328                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6057                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         7777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         7777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1010                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1010                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements        11330                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.680767                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs          187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs        11346                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.016482                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.081710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.513287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.844442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.241328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.817607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.032080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.115278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.015083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.980048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       240905                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       240905                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6767                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6767                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          286                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           69                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          355                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6355                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         6366                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          251                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4749                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5036                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        11104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total        11402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          251                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        11104                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           47                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total        11402                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6767                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6767                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          286                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           69                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          355                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6355                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6366                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          251                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4749                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5036                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        11104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total        11402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        11104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total        11402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         6763                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         6763                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits             1217439                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               534                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           59736                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             657761                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses              118                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          26788                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits             1875200                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               652                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           86524                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             513740                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              291                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         514031                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 9769927                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            7099076                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              7099076                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      6951041                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          3974                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls             201733                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       594596                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             6951041                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 3974                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      9816110                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes      5643374                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         2645                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         2426                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs              1877833                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts            1219595                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            658238                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      2669875.092553                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      7100051.907447                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.726725                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.273275                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   849665                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        18856      0.27%      0.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu          5020539     70.71%     70.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult           25963      0.37%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           1231      0.02%     71.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              3      0.00%     71.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              6      0.00%     71.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             2      0.00%     71.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.00%     71.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     71.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     71.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     71.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     71.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     71.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     71.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     71.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     71.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     71.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead         1270574     17.90%     89.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         658496      9.27%     98.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess        103865      1.46%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           7099762                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits                6383                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits               3611                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits                9994                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits               5154                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses           5154                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 9360752                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts              28788                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps                28788                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses        27442                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           168                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               1002                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts         2740                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts               27442                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  168                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads        36652                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        20721                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads           98                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes           70                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                10287                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts               6543                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts              3744                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      9333205.111381                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      27546.888619                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.002943                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.997057                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                     4256                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass          195      0.68%      0.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            16543     57.46%     58.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              43      0.15%     58.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     58.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              5      0.02%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead            6928     24.07%     82.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite           3745     13.01%     95.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          1329      4.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total             28788                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits              443826                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               202                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           16610                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits             233475                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses               20                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses           9221                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              677301                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               222                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           25831                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             153104                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              192                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         153296                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 9356940                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts            2616102                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps              2616102                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses      2567575                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses           897                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls              61565                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts       227249                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts             2567575                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                  897                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads      3637688                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes      2091510                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads          511                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes          437                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               678091                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts             444378                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts            233713                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      6851048.397128                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2505891.602872                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.267811                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.732189                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                   307378                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass         6410      0.24%      0.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu          1871482     71.53%     71.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult           10050      0.38%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd            110      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv             15      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead          459843     17.58%     89.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite         233999      8.94%     98.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         34427      1.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total           2616336                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               32824                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              19664                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               52488                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              28892                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          29017                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                 9359957                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             175476                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               175476                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       168556                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           465                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               3963                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        19552                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              168556                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  465                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       224727                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       127675                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          251                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          225                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                53888                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              33868                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             20020                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      9191392.138854                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      168564.861146                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.018009                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.981991                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    25173                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         2985      1.70%      1.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           109219     62.11%     63.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             184      0.10%     63.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     63.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             30      0.02%     63.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     63.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     63.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     63.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           35379     20.12%     84.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          20063     11.41%     95.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          7998      4.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            175861                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          11093                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             78                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            78                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7778                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         9408                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1157                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          836                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8117                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8086                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        11093                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        39779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        39779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        19865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        19865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              59644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      1162816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      1162816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       563049                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       563049                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1725865                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        58277                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         95738                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.598206                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.490263                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               38467     40.18%     40.18% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               57271     59.82%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           95738                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
